US House passes vote on the motion to advance the Genius and Clarity Act. But there is a lot of drama unfolding right now as I record this video. And you know what's awesome about this chart? This is Ethereum zoomed out on the weekly. So many people do not understand how big of a deal this move is. This is a move we've waited months for. This is this is the monthly chart on Ethereum. It doesn't matter if you hold ETH. I'm not an ETH I'm not like just some crazy ETH bull out here. It's altcoin indicator. Doesn't matter what altcoin you hold. This chart is the most meaningful chart in all of crypto for an altcoin bull run. So, hit the subscribe, hit the like on the way in. Check out, if you're a macro investor, check out our risk models, our exit planners. We just added a tab, a link. You can see our supported assets back here. We have a very big sale going on right now. So, 40% off if you're a macro investor. Just check it out in the link below. President Trump says the Genius Act will be passed tomorrow after speaking with all holdouts today. It just seems like a like it's just a great headline because everybody's waiting for these things to pass. But what's happening right now and then I want to get into the Ethereum charts to talk about altcoins is this. There's another crypto mess unfolding on the House floor. House GOP leaders will try to merge two crypto bills after they're expected to pass today via a MIRV procedure in rules. Look at this. House Republicans will merge CBDC bill and clarity act after the pass on the floor. Genius will also get a standalone. So, they're trying to merge a CBDC bill with Clarity. These are these are three big acts that are just like in motion right now. And the financial services Republicans are not liking that plan. They're not liking that idea. And there's a lot of drama unfolding. I think there's like a meeting unfolding right now in Speaker Johnson's, you know, office or whatever. And here's the thing, I don't know how this will play out in the very short term, right? But these things, I think, are going to get passed. There could be these delays. So, just anticipate that. But with that being said, as we kind of track this, and I I really probably I want to do another video later to see how this plays out. But the storm is brewing while this is happening. This is like front and center, you know, the what's going on, the vote in in Congress and everything front and center. But behind the scenes, ETH is pumping right now. And it just broke $3,300. And I want to break down the move for you. Look at this clip from March 3rd. This was over four months ago. Check this out. This is a weekly. We're below the 200E moving average. Look at this. Anytime that Ethereum has kind of capitulated below all these moving averages over the years, the bottom is pretty much in. And maybe it takes weeks to bottom, but we're getting very close probably for an Ethereum bottom. I do not think Ethereum will hit the target out of this symmetrical triangle to like $500, $600 down here. I think this will end up being a busted pattern as I've mentioned before. So, it's taken so much patience, but this is the monthly. This is the weekly. This is exactly playing out. And this is just because busted patterns, especially on symmetrical triangles, are like one of my favorite things. Not because they happen all the time, but when certain conditions are met and we have the confluence of a technical move, meaning a break to the downside, but bullish macro narratives. It's it's the just it's such a brilliant setup for a busted pattern. So this is partly why I was anticipating and not an entry into the bare market. Many people are kind of like ah the bare market's starting and I just was not thinking that there's there's too much from a business cycle perspective. Money printers quantitative tightening slowing down. Interest rates are going to come down. I just did not think this was the beginning of a bare market. So if it's not the beginning of a bare market, it was turning into a very high fear environment where we likely would see a busted pattern. And now we have this very much in play. This is the weekly chart. Let's see what Ethereum can do. The busted pattern, if you do not know, is basically a fake out. It's like we're about to get this breakout move to the downside and we flip right back to the apex of the pattern and then we're breaking to the upside. So that that piece of it though, breaking to the upside, breaking out of the upper trend line. That piece of it is the the the move that plays into altcoin bull market. And so if we go back to this monthly chart, what I want to just point out to your attention is this. If you want to get a sense of where we are, because I know just from swing lows to kind of this move right here, people are probably like, "Man, that was nice. Look at these two nice massive green candles." But it's over. The run is over. And I am saying this green candle on the monthly is not an end to something. There could be resistance. I'm going to show you on the short term. And what what Ethereum, by the way, is doing on this chart, it really translates to all other coins. Some might be just more aggressive, right, following Ethereum. Some might lag following Ethereum's breakout. Some might be less aggressive and volatile. But either way, this chart illustrates what altcoins likely are doing and the momentum and the direction that they're going. But again, why I'm saying this is not the end, this is the beginning is because we are really we're essentially right here. Here's COVID swing low. Money printer started coming on as we all know, right? And not only that, it was a double bottoming out kind of area for Ethereum and we're kind of making a move to the upside. What's happening on this monthly chart back then is this breaking above these massive monthly moving averages, the 50 in blue, the 20 in green. What's happening right now? Just breaking the 20 in green. Just breaking the 50 in blue to the upside. It's just now starting. And you might be like, "Okay, well, what's momentum look like?" You go to the monthly chart for Ethereum. Here's what momentum looks like. An RSI break to the upside. We I I want to see how this monthly chart closes. Right? This is 15 days, 6 hours left. I would really enjoy seeing even more momentum to the upside. I want to see a solid close on this RSI above this pink line to move. This is a moving average on the RSI. But look at this lower high move being broken on the RSI. This is a breakout on the RSI. But furthermore, if you look at kind of where it is, it's sitting at like 57 on the monthly. This is like the beginning of bull market area. Let's go to 57 on the monthly last cycle. Guess what? Right where it is right now. And what was what was Ethereum doing on the monthly? a nice massive monthly green candle breaking moving averages just what it's doing right now. Again, I'm and I don't mean to repeat myself, but looking at an Ethereum risk model, if if we even go back, right, and we're looking at what what is this monthly candle? This is July 2020. We're we see a lot of similarities in July 2020 Ethereum chart to now. If I go look at July 2020, look at the risk model sitting at 28 pre-bull market area explodes to the upside, consolidates in the 40s and the 30s, the 40s and the 30s. So my thesis that we are in pre-bull market area even right now, I think is validated with no guarantees, but the thesis I think is very sound. And I just want to say that because that's kind of what I've been saying. We're in pre-bull market territory. And so pre-bull market territory for me when when I'm looking now at the monthly chart is very clear. There is so much upside. Now with that upside can come a ton of resistance especially as we start seeing these moving averages pivot to the upside. There's if I move this over just let me let me move this green speculative quantitative tightening line unwinding. Here's the moving averages. Right. The 20 is flipping to the upside. There's the 200. There's the 50. This is a weekly by the way. But when when these things start kind of making the move right to the upside, there's going to be potentially some consolidation. Ethereum might slow down and especially it's true if I change this to a daily chart. If you really want to get into like volatility, this is potentially very much in play. Throwbacks, right? Two moving averages. We just got the 20 crossing above the 250. Be prepared for altcoin throwbacks. It doesn't mean a bull a bare market is starting. It just means we're in potentially the beginning phase of a bull market and we're getting bull market dips. Bull market dips can consist of 10, 20, 30% dips. So, if we look at this too, Fibonacci lower or swing high back here in December to swing low. Ethereum is in this lower high Fibonacci resistance. We've been discussing, we've had targets. It's the Fibonacci range that we're in. It's the upper trend line around $3,700. And on the daily chart, Ethereum is making its way to that area. Now, if Ethereum has a massive continuation and breakout through this resistance, my target is kind of this, and I mentioned it yesterday, $5,000 to $5500, maybe before the big throwback that I'm discussing. But we might get a throwback sooner than later, right at all this resistance up to around $3,700. We might get some consolidation. Everybody be very careful for it. But that next target on the macro, the next swing high, not bull market high, just local top high for Ethereum remains in this area. And what are altcoins doing during that moment? We have targets on all different altcoins. We can evaluate all different altcoins in a different way. But Ethereum, I think, is the altcoin indicator chart that I personally like to use in relation to what's going on with altcoins. Sue is another one. But my plan is if we get some movement price action-wise, even with just all these bills that are trying to get passed, if there's news updates, my plan is I might do another video later this evening. So, make sure you're subscribed, notifications are turned on. We're almost at 400,000 subscribers. I say it time and time again. Some people say that is the start of the bull market when I break 400,000 subscribers here on YouTube. So, those are my thoughts today. Everybody, get in there, check out our risk models, our exit planner, start preparing. If you're a macro investor, check us out. Give us a shot. And I appreciate you watching. I'll see you in the next video. God bless.