Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back into the cryptoverse. Today we're going to talk about Ethereum. We're more so going to be discussing the ETH Bitcoin valuation. If you guys like the content, make sure you subscribe to the channel, give the video a thumbs up, and also check out the sale on into the cryptoverse premium at into the cryptoverse.com. Let's go ahead and jump in. Now, if you're new to the cryptoverse, you may be curious as to why we would do a whole video just on the Bitcoin valuation of Ethereum. But if you have followed me for a long time, you will know that the reason we talk about it so much is because the health of the altcoin market very much depends on the health of the valuation of ETH against Bitcoin. Okay, we've talked about this many times, but the whole idea is that you can't have the coveted alt season that people have spent the last four years calling for until ETH has convincingly bottomed against Bitcoin, right? You can't have that, right? And so this is what I I was basically going on and on about for so many years was that you had all these people for the last few years saying, you know, this is alt season throughout this entire phase, but really it was just alts were being devalued against Bitcoin. And the reason why I continued to stay sort of on the side of Bitcoin dominance going up was because ETH Bitcoin was so obviously in a downtrend. Okay. Now, one of the things that we said though was that in order for ETH to bottom against Bitcoin, what needs to happen, right? What needs to happen? We'll talk about this chart in a minute because I know you guys are going to be asking questions about it. So, get off my back. I'll get to it. What had to happen for ETH to to to find at least a low for this cycle? Hopefully. Again, I don't know. Like, I could be wrong. Uh maybe this is not the bottom for ETH Bitcoin for the cycle, but I think it very well could be. Like I would lean towards saying it is. Um and hopefully it is because if if it is, then you still have this higher low structure intact. If it's not, then you know that would I mean at that point I think everyone just turns into a Bitcoin maxi if it's not you know if it's not just another higher low. But what I what I want to say is that in order for this to have happened, for this potentially low to have happened, what had to happen? ETH had to go home, right? What does that mean? It means Ethereum going to the lower logarithmic regression trend line, right? So Ethereum went to the regression, the the the fair value, right? it went to the fair value and the whole idea was that if ETH breaks down off of this trend line, right? If it if if it's able to break if it breaks down, right? So, if you connect these dots over here, if it breaks down, then the the act of it breaking down would allow ETH to bottom against Bitcoin. Now, you might say, "Well, Ben, how did you come up with that?" It's not rocket science. It did the same thing last cycle, right? When did ETH bottom against Bitcoin last cycle? I'm glad you asked. It bottomed right here after ETH broke down this cycle. When did ETH Bitcoin bottomed? Well, it bottomed around this area after ETHUSD broke down. So, what we what we learned from last cycle was that in order for ETH to bottom against Bitcoin, ETHUSD had to break down. And that was why for the last so many years, I've just I've said the same thing over and over again. I'm like, guys, you know, if you want ETH to bottom against Bitcoin, you need to see it break down against the US dollar. And what essentially happened was I had all the ETH maxis on just completely, you know, all over my analysis because they're like, well, you're wrong because ETHUSD keeps going up. But the point was that as long as ETHUSD goes up without breaking down, what's going to happen? ETH Bitcoin is going to keep dropping. So you basically had the ETH maxis celebrating the rise of ETHUSD, but while it was going up, it was bleeding against the king. So they were taking on more risk and getting less of a return. But now that ETHUSD broke down, there became a realistic chance for the first time this entire cycle that ETH Bitcoin actually bottomed. Why was I never, you know, I I never for for the entire cycle like I was never convinced that ETH Bitcoin could have bottomed until ETHUSD broke down and went to the fair value logarithmic congression trend line and that's when we did the video called welcome home Ethereum. right now. I look at ETH Bitcoin and admittedly I I it's always possible that this is just one massive fake out and it does go lower. But when I look at this objectively, right, I see a low, I see a high and I see a higher low and I see a higher high, it looks like the beginning of a trend. Right? Now, if you look at the last cycle, you know, when ETH Bitcoin bottomed, it kind of actually bottomed out around the same level, just a little bit lower. You'll notice that it didn't just go straight to the moon, right? It went up, it came back down, it went up, it came back down. So, I mean, it was a long process. Could this cycle be different because we're already in the post having year to build up? It's possible. I mean, if you look at 2017, you know, once it once it broke through, it had this massive move to the upside and then got a big pullback, right? And it looks, you know, there's certainly some similarities between all these different cycles, right? If you look at the 2017 cycle, you can see it it first moved up near the bullmark sport band, consolidated for a few weeks, and then it just broke through and went up a ton in a really short period of time, kind of like what it's doing right now, actually. It did it during a slightly different time of the year, right? It did it during March back then. This is now happening in July. Let's see what happened in um you know back then in 2017. You can see that Eth Bitcoin also was rallying into the summer months and then it got another rally later on too. But my point here is that it just it looks like that's probably the low. Now, I could eat my words on that and if if it goes lower, I have no problem coming back and and and saying I was wrong about that. But it looks like that low is in. The question now is, you know, is it is it going to pull a 2017 and get a a big move up before getting a big pullback or is it just going to pull like a 2020 and and just and it's actually at a level right now, I guess, that it got a pullback from, right? But it also didn't the consolidation was already in. But you can see, you know, how how similar these moves are, right? One got a pullback around this level. One cycle, it went up a lot higher before getting a pullback. But here's the key thing, and I I know a lot of people are going to be asking this question, right? They're say, "Ben, what about altcoins?" Right? Well, is I've had the same question for the last several years, right? Everyone's been on my back about altcoins and I've said over and over and over again, right? I mean, if you want to go uh into the altcoin market, feel free. For me, I'm happy, you know, with with Bitcoin and Ethereum, right? That for me, that's, you know, I I I'm not saying I don't have anything else, right? Obviously, I I have some tiny, you know, just from past cycles, right? But this cycle, I've I've mostly just been happy with Bitcoin and ETH. And really with Ethereum after it went home, right after it it went to the regression ban, that's when I I at least on ITC Premium, that was when I said uh that was the time to accumulate, right? and and um and to instead of just saying the same boring thing I had said for four years of just being Bitcoin heavy, it then turned into Bitcoin and Ethereum. Now, you might say, "Well, hold on a second, Ben. If ETH Bitcoin is going up, then you're going to miss out on alt season, right?" And maybe you're right. Maybe you're right. But this whole cycle has been a series of of putting the puzzle pieces together, right? The first one was, you know, getting that Bitcoin dominance uptrend going, right? Getting that dominance level to 60%. And then we said dominance is going to go to 66%. And it did. And then one of the things we were we were talking about was the theorem going home. And it felt like it was never going to happen, right? It just it felt like no matter what happened, there was no way it could possibly do it because how could it? It was already the posth having year and it still hadn't gone home. And guess what? It still did. It just happened during a time when most people thought it wouldn't. So now we're faced with a question, what about altcoins? And for me, that's the last missing piece because when I look at Ethereum's Bitcoin valuation, it looks good to me. I don't look at that and think like, oh, it has to go lower. Now, if it does, it does, and markets can do anything. But I look at it and I think, hey, it looks like that might be the bottom. Right now, before we get into altcoins, obviously there's the uh the dilemma that quantitative tightening hasn't actually ended. And we know that last cycle QT ended and that's when ETH Bitcoin bottomed, right? So, I know that it that that's always a possibility, but if I if I didn't know anything about monetary policy, which arguably I don't, um, and I were just looking at the chart, like it it looks good. And also if you look at at the ETH Bitcoin market cap ratio, it I mean it it went basically the same level it went last cycle. And if you look at ETH dominance, it basically swept the same low from the last cycle, right? You see that? I mean, you see how how similar it is. And of course, it did get a pullback from this level. It also got another pullback a little bit higher up. Um, but the point is is that at some point after the current rally by ETH Bitcoin is over, whether it happens here or whether it just blasts through it and and happens another month, a month or two from now, there's likely there's going to be another pullback just like there was this one, right? There's going to be another pullback. Now, when ETH Bitcoin got this small pullback, look at this tiny little pullback by Eth Bitcoin. You see that little pullback? What happened to altcoins? It's a great question. They collapsed and they put in new lows. Do you see that? They put in new lows even though ETH barely pulled back on its Bitcoin pair. This is ETH dominance. Let's go back to ETH Bitcoin so you don't call me out on it in the comments. Um, and you can call me out. Uh, if you look at at at ETH Bitcoin, right, this tiny little pullback sent alts to new lows. So, I know it seemed like a crazy proposition when I first suggested that back in earlier this year that like ETH Bitcoin could put in a higher low and alt Bitcoin pairs could put in lower lows. Seemed crazy and people were like, there's no way. That's exactly what happened, right? ETH Bitcoin higher low. all Bitcoin pairs lower low. So, I've gotten, you know, I was I've been out of town, right? And I got all sorts of messages from people saying, you know, Ben, what about all season? What about it? I look at this chart and I can get on board with ETH Bitcoin. I can get on board with that, but I'm stubborn and honestly dangerously deterministic, which sometimes gets me into trouble. And it it it just to me that's the missing piece now. Like it used to be ETH going home, but now it's altcoins. Now, you might say there's no way, right? There's no way that alts go down there. But let me show you two examples. in the past where they did exactly what they're doing now and they made it to the range lows of 0.25 two to three months later. It's already happened twice. So don't tell me it can't happen. The first example is in 2017 when all Bitcoin pairs bottomed at 0 29 then they rallied all the way up to 0.55. Now, imagine if right now all Bitcoin pairs rallied to 0.55. That would be all the way up here, which honestly, like I'm not going to say it can't happen because I guess it would just be like connecting these dots essentially if it if it gets this this rally again up here. It could happen, right? Like it's it is a possibility that that plays out like 2017. But look at what happened in 2017. it alts still went to the range lows by late October. So they went from 0 29 to 0.55 and still dropped to 0.25 by late October. Now look at this.3. Are they going to go to 0.55? I mean they went there in December 2024. They went there in December of 2023. There are some similarities, right? I mean, if you look at like Bitcoin USD, the big alt rallies happened, you know, after they, you know, after Bitcoin broke down and then it broke back up, it was sort of in this phase, right? In this phase, that's when alts had their really big moves. So, I I'm not going to say it can't happen, right? It could happen. And I, you know, I had all sorts of people saying all sorts of things about my Bitcoin dominance views and everything back when all these altcoins had these rallies back up to that 50% level. So, you won't hear me say it can't happen. But I also again, and I'm I'm looking to to sort of call that out in a more deterministic manner if I think that's the most likely outcome. Right now, I think it's kind of 5050 because there's also a chance that alts are are just following what they did over here in 2019 when they collapsed when they also went down to 0.29 and then they just rallied back up to.35 which is where they just went and then they still collapsed to the range lows by September. So, you'll notice that in 2017 there was a low found in late July. In 2019 there was this low found in mid July. In both cases alts were at 0.25 within a couple of months basically right within 2 to 3 months they were at 0.25. In one example they rallied back up here and then down and then back up. In the other example, they were already topped out. They went down and then up. I don't know the path. Is that frustrating? I understand why it would be. But here's the thing. Do you know how we've said for so long that you didn't really need that much exposure to altcoins because the only way alts are going to go up is if Bitcoin goes up, right? So, why not just own Bitcoin? And that was what we talked about for so long, right? Like, yeah, like, yeah, maybe you'll miss out on on this the 27 alt seasons that the influencers are claiming are occurring, but they're going to keep bleeding to Bitcoin. So, now you might say, well, what if we miss out on on alt season? And I would say, well, look guys, look at total 3 minus USDT divided by ETH. We keep talking about this. Alts are not only bleeding to Ethereum. They're they're not only bleeding to Bitcoin. They're also bleeding to Ethereum. So, you could argue the only way the only way that alts would get the rally back up to 0.5 at this point. The only way they would get back up here is what? If ETH Bitcoin keeps going up. But if ETH Bitcoin keeps going up, you might as well just own ETH instead of the altcoins that depend on ETH to go up for them to go up themselves because alt season only happens after ETH Bitcoin has convincingly bottomed. And I I think there's a good chance it has bottomed, but even I mean even the last cycle, it took a while for the market to be convinced. And maybe the market's already convinced. I don't know. Um but I I could see it playing out like that. The other thing to remember is that we're kind of in an interesting spot where like the last two times that all Bitcoin pairs got these rallies were in Q4 and we're not in Q4 right now. And so like maybe that's not important, right? Like perhaps what's more important is just the structure of the market and how it's playing out. And if that's the case, then you know, you could easily see them back up here. But the other point to make is that AL also found lows in June of 2023 and June of 2024. And we talked about the idea that they're likely going to find a low in June of 2025. So you have right a June 2023 low, you have a June 2024 low and then you have a June 2025 low. And every single time people said it was alt season and then they were wrong. And what happened in 2023 is alts rallied back up to the bullmark sport band and then got rejected. In 2024, they rallied up, got rejected, rallied again, got rejected. What do you notice in both both cases? In Q4, alts were lower in Q4 than they were in in the summer on their Bitcoin pairs, right? In both cases, you can see they went lower in in the in Q4 than they were in the summer. So, like this here was October of 2023 and this right here was October of 2024. So, [Music] what if, and bear with me, what if you have October 2025 at the range lows 0.25 25 by the way in 2017 late October at the range lows even though there was this massive rally in between it's possibility right and I I I can't not point it out and I I'm doing that right now knowing knowing that it's possible that alts are about to just rip my face off against Bitcoin and go all the way back up here. But here's the thing again. If they do that, it's only because ETH went. It's only because ETH Bitcoin had the rally. So I I would argue that Ethereum would be a better hold. And especially if you look at all ETH pairs, alts are bleeding against ETH as well. The other thing to look at as well is Bitcoin dominance plus ETH dominance plus USDT dominance plus USDC dominance. And you'll notice that again it got rejected at 82%. Now you might want this metric to go down, but I would argue in order to get the alt season that you want, the metric needs to go up. You might say, "Well, hold on a second, Ben. That doesn't make a whole lot of sense." In order last cycle, in order for this metric to go down, like this was the this like this area. Let me highlight it. Uh, how I made videos in salon. I don't even remember where things are. I don't know. What am I looking for? I'm looking for here. So, last cycle, this was your alt season. Right? That was your all season. What do you notice had to happen before you got it? This metric went above 82%. So, the question is, are we here? Like, are we right here just kind of getting this pullback before blasting through? Or are we here where we have to come back down and then repair and then go up? Right? And I don't know the answer to that question. I wish I did. But watch that because you know if if this metric holds support at the bull market support band then it might be the indication that this is going to blast through 82%. And it was when it blasted through 82% last cycle that was when Bitcoin dominance topped after it blasted through. Not before but after. Now that doesn't mean that Bitcoin dominance has to go that much higher. In fact, 66% was a re a realistic target. And the reason we tal about or talked a lot about 66% was because that was the next fib level, right? That was in fact the next fib level. And you can see that every single time that Bitcoin dominance has reached these levels, it's gotten rejected off of them. And then it takes a while to repair itself. So, I mean, it's it's always possible that it goes all the way back down, right, to 60% or something and then still goes back up. Um, but that was the re that was one of the reasons for for that target. If it goes higher, it doesn't have to go that much higher. Uh, but it certainly could if all Bitcoin pairs go to the range lows. So to summarize, to me it looks like for this market cycle, I think that ETH has likely bottomed against Bitcoin. I could eat my words on that, but I'm just staying true to to the to the way it played out last cycle, right? ETHUSD breaks down, ETH Bitcoin bottoms, and then we, you know, we go on our merry way. I don't think alts have bottomed against Bitcoin. I don't. And I I think if you really look at the data, if you look at how this tiny pullback by Ethereum caused alts to go lower on their Bitcoin pairs to new cycle lows, even though ETH Bitcoin didn't, all you got to wait for in my opinion to see alts go lower on their Bitcoin pairs is just whenever ETH gets another pullback on its Bitcoin pair, right? So like if ETH Bitcoin were to get a larger pullback kind like look at like this little pullback here and then look at that pullback, right? Right. Or look at that one. Like all all that would take for altcoins even if they rally I mean if they rally up to point 4.5 if ETH Bitcoin gets one of these pullbacks like that you see that I think would take alt to the range lows even though ETH Bitcoin could very well be putting in a higher low. And I think that's the pieces of the puzzle that would complete. Like I think that's the final piece of the puzzle to put together, right? Let ETH rally on its Bitcoin pair as long as it wants. Whenever it gets a pullback, all Bitcoin pairs theoretically go to the range lows. I don't know how high alts are going to go between now and then. Um I would say absolute best case scenario would be around that 50% level. They're currently at 35%. Best case scenario would be 50%. Uh worst case scenario is this 2019, right? Where they just top out where they are exactly right now, maybe a little bit higher because they're still not at the bull market band and then go to the range lows. So my guess by September, October, all Bitcoin pairs will be at the range lows. I can't tell you the path to get there. Um, but I I think they will be there and it and I think it'll be accompanied by the next pullback by by ETH Bitcoin. Those are my views on the market. Thank you guys for tuning in. Make sure you subscribe, give the video a thumbs up, and again check out the sale on into the cryptoverse premium at into the cryptoverse.com. I'll see you guys next time. Bye.