Good morning everybody. A little earlier today and uh this one is interesting. I want to preface it with a couple of comments. One, I don't normally make these should I buy videos at this stage of a bull market. I make them during the bare market when things are very cheap. But as a born and bred options trader, I've always been obsessed with tactical leverage, whether they be futures, options, pers, etc. And uh obviously per crypto is my favorite thing, but they're very dangerous. They're very fast. They're very flexible, but they're deadly. But they're also deadly effective if used in the right hands. But now there's a new purpose pioneer taking the world by storm and the numbers are bonkers and we're going to break it all down today. Uh this is about Hyperlid. It is a kind of a DEX, a decentralized perpetual futures exchange built on its own high-speed layer 1 blockchain. Okay, it uses components of Ethereum, believe it or not. But they found a way to make it fast and cheap. almost zero gas fees, subsecond trades, rivaling and even better than centralized exchanges. And as of so far this year, it passes literally billions in monthly volume. It is bonkers. I think nearly 300 to half a billion dollars depending on the day. And its native token is hype, but hype has its own challenges too. So let's get into it too as well. And a big thank you to the mods in the chat and bluegrass Stoic and TND Tesla and Sha and K8 and everybody else. I'll make this fast, but this one um I spent some time digging into it. I've actually been looking at it for months and months, but let's I'll also talk about the tipping point and what changed the game for me as well. But first, no financial advice ever. And a big thank you to Patreon. This is from Bitcoin Pumps Pro. Finally joined Patreon a couple of months ago. It has supercharged what I can do with my investments with just a few basic ideas plus the trading alerts. Thank you for being part of the family. First of all, when we do these, you know, deep dives, I like to look at the team. And there's a lot of confusion about the team. People say, "Oh, it's VC backed and stuff like that." No, it's not. This is Jeff. Okay, Jeff Yan. He is a special cat indeed. uh he has built an empire with no KPIs, no team, no VC deck, etc. He is a Harvard grad. He's a math and computer science guy. He's a high frequency trader at Hudson River in the past. Hudson River trading, I think it was. and he's a gold medalist in IPO and he has, you know, he's a young guy, but he bootstrapped Hyperlquid after the FTX collapse because he wanted to build a trustless alternative and he rejected all VC funding. He prioritizes user ownership. Uh 70% of hype has been aird dropped. It's one of the biggest airdrops ever. uh billions uh at least from what I recall and Harvard tra Harvard trained engineer and he built the hype BFT. We'll get more into the tech in a minute, but it can handle up to 200,000 transactions per second. And it's a Hyper EVM. And the team itself, he mentioned his team. He's about 11 people on his team. Again, I'll repeat, no VC, no angel investment, entirely self-funded by founders. And there's, we'll get into the tokconomics and all that good stuff in a minute, too. But I just want to start off with data. The metrics. I I like metrics. I like data. The metrics are insane. All of them. whatever you're looking at, whether it's TVL or stable coin market cap, the growth rates, the incentives, the revenue, the fees, the volume, I mean, it's completely nuts. Stock price right now of this thing is about $46 as we speak. Okay, so it's it's gone up a lot. We'll look at charts as well in TA, but I'm going to spend a little bit of deep time on some of their mechanism. They use a hype BFT inspired by hot stuff and it's a very robust bisonantine fold tolerance. We've heard that before many times many of these layer ones. It can do over 100,000 orders per second and the latency is below 1 second. Not the fastest in the world in terms of latency, but still for what its purpose is, it's good enough. And Hyperlid outperforms Ethereum's 15 transactions per second and it enables $22 billion in trading volume. So it is completely crazy and it's been up 99.9% of the time and other stuff too what really makes this interesting again no VCs no dumpage but the buyback mechanism they use platform fees to buy hype tokens back and uh with monthly fees averaging 55 million 30 to 50% of that money goes to buying this thing back making it deflationary okay that is really interesting also the scale Well, uh, by June 2025, a billion dollars worth of hype was bought back in what they call their assistant fund. And the quantum impact, you know, annual burns could be 4 to 7 million tokens and that really changes things. It could be 10 to 15% deflation on top of what is about 12% inflation. So therefore, it could technically be deflationary as well. Now, let's talk about adoption. This is the crazy thing because this came out of obscurity late 2024 and now they got over 90,000 daily active users from some reports that handle over 10,000 trades per day. And the growth is way above 100% year-over-year. And again, they've done $8 billion in peak per volume and a daily average of about 22 billion with $10.1 billion in open interest. And that is third globally among crypto exchanges for perpetual futures. Soon to be probably number one if they can surpass some of the other players that we know and love like Jupiter etc. Anyway, TVL growth as well uh surged 337% to 1.7 billion and again this thing is just growing. But let's look at a couple of little charts that are kind of stunning and I like to benchmark things against other things. That's kind of what I do here. Uh let's look at follow the money. It makes 10 times the fees of Bitcoin. Okay. And you can see the fees are exploding. This is just over the past month or so. But you know, depending on the day, 4 to5 million in fees. In terms of DEX volume, it's second only to Salana. Salon does 3.2 billion. It did $3.2 billion yesterday in DEX volume. Hyperlid does 681.7 million. Compare that to Ethereum, 1190 million. So it does three and a half times what Ethereum does in DEX volume. Okay, shout out to Cardano for participating with 5 million and Ripple $47. Yay, Ripple. XRP $47 in DEX volume. Well done. And yeah, I openly make fun of crazy stuff in crypto, but this is a crazy project. to believe you me. Let's look at the fees over the last 24 hours. Hyperlid stalking it. Literally double Tron, you know, nearly triple Ethereum. Again, just perspective of this chain against all others is even just crazy. Let's look at some more stats before we get dig a little bit deeper into the actual opportunity itself. There's the hype stats. 7-day average trading volume. Okay, that's 11.8 billion. Average daily buyback $61,031 hype. Okay, the price right now is $46 for hype. Expected price based on the buyback should be $62. Okay, and that's a 25.28% discount. This is, ladies and gentlemen, theoretically based on the buybacks, based on the volume, if the volume continues, this is an ARB opportunity. The price should be $62. It's trading at 46. That's 25 26% ARB opportunity again per the metrics. Now if the volume evaporates tomorrow all this goes out the window. Remember that if the volume continues to grow so does the ARB opportunity and that's what I find very interesting too. Let's talk about tokconomics which is critical but there's about 334 million floating around. Okay. And of course of a billion total supply. You know there could be inflation but remember the buybacks. Okay this is very very important. The buybacks can maybe cure that piece as well. And the market cap and fully diluted value again price is $46 right now. Market cap stands about 16 billion. Fully diluted valuation would be 48 billion. So that is a again I don't like things with bad tokconomics but because there are no VCs and because there's huge amount of buybacks not a problem. Also airdrop impact again they issued 31% of the total supply was aird dropped to users in late 2024. Those users that picked that up did very very well indeed. Okay now let's look at unlocks. We always like to look at unlocks here. The next unlock is the 29th of November 2025 for 2.97%. Which again not that alarming. The Ethereum layer 2's arbitrum optimism they they dump about 2% every week or two as you know from Octa and Tuesdays. So this one on lock 6 months out or 5 months out not that alarming as well. So don't worry about that. Let's look at the chart real quick. This is Hyperlquid on the ATR models at 46. But as you can see, it popped off pretty fast out of the gate and it shot up to let me zoom in to remember exactly where we did bounce to about 36 $37 back in December 2024. We did have that mini old season after the US presidential election and then it tanked all the way down to basically $10 and then it's been on a rampage ever since beginning of April going from 10 all the way up to nearly 50 bucks. Right now the trend is still blue. The optimized trend the trend is still up and it keeps on breaking new highs. It broke a new high back in late May. Another new high early June. another new high early July. Every month it's growing more and it's breaking new all-time highs. How high this can go, I'm not sure. But what is really interesting is the next chart. And this was the game changer for me. In full disclosure, I tried to buy this thing over a month ago, five, six weeks ago on a weekend and I couldn't access a centralized exchange that had it. It didn't have any. So, I got creative and I used Dbridge to buy with USDC, but then I had to link to Arbitum and MetaMask wallet and everything else. Anyway, in the whole process of using Dbridge and trying to move it to the MetaMask wallet, I lost my hyperlink. It's still out there somewhere in the never left land, but the point was I found it very and I know how to use crypto, but I found it quite unusable. and not being an ETH or Petrum user, I just hate MetaMask. And I probably went in there with a very negative attitude. I said, I'm never going to be able to make this happen. And it was cluji and complicated. And here we are. But then this happened. Then they partnered with Phantom. Okay, this was a game changer for me when they introduced Phantom Per on the 8th of July. And going long or short in just a few taps over 100 markets up to 40x leverage all in your pocket. The usability of Phantom is mindblowing. That opens up the kimono. Why why do I care about that is because of the data behind it. If you look here like the Phantom has like 15 to 20 million monthly active users and integration with Hyperlids are now embedded directly into the Phantom wallet. So all that usability, all that crap with MetaMask is just gone. Working with Arbitum and converting to different types of cryptos and currencies for fees gone. And even if you assume a 10% adoption rate of this, that could bring at least 1.5 million to 2 million onchain per traders, potentially doubling the current perch chain market for Hyperlid. And remember, Phantom is a Salana based project. So again, this combination of Salana with other chains, I think is fantastic. And Phantom already processed 20 billion in spot swaps. And if PERBs reach just 3x spot volume, that could be $75 billion in new flow. Absolutely huge. Also, the fees are minimal or almost nothing and the revenue sharing is goes back to Phantom 2. So this is a win-win for everybody. This is a flywheel that positions hype as a native economic engine behind the expanding per infrastructure. Again, I will warn everybody if you do not know what you are doing when you are trading, do not touch per cuz you will get your face handed to you. Okay? It it's kind of like for professional pilots only and practice a lot before you even try. But other stuff as well regarding partnerships regarding Hyperlid is Tether and the stable coin volume is also exploding on Hyperlid. Now USDT is on Hyperlid as well. Again, this is the fuel that runs crypto and now Hyperliquid has it too. So it's amazing. Uh a quick little bit of reminder of the crazy numbers that we have. We do depending on the day I think it could be 5 million today. 4.1 million in daily revenue, 123 million in monthly revenue. That's 1.476 billion in annualized revenue. This is insane. If you look at the price to sales ratio compared to Ethereum or the Ethereum monthly revenue compared to to Hyperion, it is bonkers. Bonkers. Okay. Really is kind of crazy. We'll get to some more numbers in a second. And a comparison to Ethereum, too, cuz Ethereum is hot right now. And uh this is the the metrics 16 billion market cap. It's 4% of ETH's market cap which allows for growth. I always like to compare what is the market cap of a certain asset compared to ETH. Still very small. Uh we went through the tokconomics. TVL growth is through the roof and ROI is also through the roof driven by this dominance in this niche as we saw from all the metrics. On the other hand, ETH nearly 400 billion in market cap, very mature, very slow uh and less less far less revenue than Hyperliquid. Okay, again, follow the money, follow the users, follow the activity, follow the DEX volume. It's pretty incredible. And I know this is going to sound hyperbolic, so take this with a big massive grain of salt, but this is hype with the market cap of ETH. would 36 37x again. It's not going to do that of course because these big old cryptos big slow old cryptos just last forever. That's why you see things like XRP with the $9 million per user of fully diluted market cap and Cardano and all these things. They just don't go away and they're just there because people hold. Don't get married to a token ever. But uh that's just a crazy thing to think about as well. And um let's look at some of the risks though because it's important to understand where we are. This is kind of price projections and risks. I do believe based on all of the information we went through, if the growth continues, this could easily be a $100 token. Okay, easy with the buybacks and everything else, the good tokconomics, the no VCs dumping, all that good stuff. Bullcase. If we get a banana zone, I wish I had a big picture of a big yellow banana. I should have one in my hand. If we get a banana zone and things go nuts, really, really nuts, like a crypto market cap above $6 trillion. This thing given the adoption and dominance and fees, it has to get attention of everybody. And I think it could go to 150 bucks. Bare case, it go back full from $46 down to 30 bucks. You could lose 40%. Remember that the adoption has to continue. The lifeblood is the use of this as well. Okay. The other risks are if Salana comes out with a product as good or better that could also eat market share from this too and you know companies like Jupiter are looking at this very carefully too. Another big risk that we need to talk about is centralization risk. Shout out to Justin Bonds. He is very very concerned about centralization risks. Hype admin can steal $3 billion plus i.e. They control the keys and it's all apparently in one little place. The ETH L2s also have admin keys. Base, Optimism, Arbitum, all can steal $30 billion. And this compares pales in comparison to Tether as it may not be backed. Again, these are the risks. Justin here is running a little bit negative on Tether. I believe Tether is fully backed and more. But anyway, I'm here to share all the data, all the perspective, so you can make your own decision. Now, I do want to touch on one other thing too, another warning too. Treasuries, you're looking at the first big treasury investor micro strategy. I love treasuries, but now it has become a playbook. Let me pop up a couple of these, just five that I found. And this trend mirrors the broader crypto treasury strategy popular popularized by Michael Sailor Micro Strategy. But now you got these hype things popping up all over the place. So why why you know these are popping up through mergers or rebrands or financings or strategic shifts or raising capital to buy hype etc. Some of them are biotechs. Really really weird. So let's let's have a look at just two of I I I know they're all probably going to be zombie companies, so do not touch these puppies. But this is a sonnet. Okay, this is a zombie. And I think the business plan is, okay, our business is dead. How can we pump our stock before we take our last breath and die and find some exit liquidity? Allegedly, just looking at financials, look at his numbers. Numbers tell me what's going on. These companies have no revenue and they lose a ton of money. Okay. Often times they have a ton of debt as well. So they pivot and they go and look around and say, "hm, what's the hottest crypto right now? What makes most money? What has the narrative? Oh, let's get into some hype and bring hype to our company. Maybe we'll call it Hyperion, which is a system from way back in the day that used to do financials." So that's Sonic. Biotech Zombie. I think it's biotech zombie. This is another one. Hyperion DeFi. even worse. Okay, you know, these are zombies on steroids. Let's pivot. Let's try do a little cash grab. So, be careful of the treasuries. I know people are very excited. They think, "Oh, this could be the next micro strategy." Uh, be careful. Now, challenges feel like I'm sharing a lot of bad stuff, but the the whole story is excellent, but I have to temper it with a little bit of reality, too. It is difficult to buy. I experienced that myself and multiple users in the community saying buying hype is not straightforward uh not available in top centralized exchanges etc and Phantom doesn't natively show hype etc cause a lot of confusion on boarding routes require depositing USDC Ethereum arbitrum etc into hyperlquid and there is some order conversions as well between USDC for trading for some places and there's VPN jurisdiction issues. Be careful of that. Many countries do not want you having fun with per so they block you. So people turn on a VPN and go around. It's like the future is going to be decentralized and exchanges and governments will not be able to control what people do once they have access to the internet. Okay? The governments that try aren't going to prevent anything. So as I say, embrace or die, but governments aren't very smart. Let's look at some of the places where you can buy for those people that have access to these these places. You got buy bit, Mexi, Gate, Kcoin, etc. BitMart, all these weird places, but you don't see any Coinbases or the the Kraken, at least not that I know of. They're not showing up here. And that should normally rank the list of top place to buy. So, the the thing that's interesting for me is, and full disclosure, I do have a little Hyperlid. Okay, I have it in two places. One is floating around in Never Neverland. I don't know if I'll ever find it again. And the other one is this. It's a fun story. I tell you another time. Um, but it is tricky as as living in the United States to buy this, but possible. Um, but I I want to get to some of the conclusions right now and make a firm decision. Does it make sense? Well, the Phantom integration is huge. That is transformational. I believe that's what really got me out of bed and got me excited. Huge product market fit, massive adoption. Barriers to entry. Yes, it does require advanced DeFi on boarding everybody. It's not trivial. But the point is when this puppy gets listed on a Coinbase etc. I think it could really pump it. We'll see if that happens even at this stage. Also, the narrative positioning the L1 behind decentralized purpose. Massive narrative. Everybody's purping. Dens are everywhere like myself an execution risk there is fragmented access user confusion uh geoblocks need to be solved for mainstream adoption all that type of stuff so it's not perfect but sometimes getting in early does matter does make a big difference let's talk about the final part my part two of conclusion I think it is a high conviction buy and I normally don't say that and I'll repeat at this stage of the bull run to be buying buying something in crypto is dangerous everybody. Bare markets start tomorrow. You're left there with your pants down. You don't want that to happen. But the high the the deflationary tokconomics, the limited supply, the increased scarcity, the adoption, the burn model are all very good. The no VCs, the very smart founder, etc. All very impressive. And the airdrops as well. It is a high performance layer one. They made this thing scream in terms of speed. They've got really good strategic partnerships with Phantom Wallet and Tether, etc. And the revenue and the numbers cannot be denied. No matter what you look at, this thing is a money maker. And the growth is something I have never seen in crypto. And I'm comparing it to Salana too with an explosive growth, but never this much this fast with crazy adoption. So from that perspective, this one is interesting. I hope you like the show. Uh but again, allocations matter. Be very very careful. Uh let me check on the actual price. Yeah, it's still still $46. So nobody cares. Nobody's buying crypto at this stage of the market. But anyway, I like this one and I do have a position. Thank you once again everybody for coming. The whole team that's here and Bitcoin Maxim Mike and TD Tesla Mops, have a great day. See you all tomorrow. Bye-bye.