XRP all-time high. The chart, I mean, really, if you just look at it, will leave you breathless. If you're an XRP holder out there, congratulations. It's a massive move. Ethereum right now, the busted pattern, it is playing out. And for all coins, what this means, as many of you know, if you watch my channel, it's massive. Cardano right now on the weekly putting in its own MACD indicator, which is signaling the very, very, very beginning of a Cardano bull move. And all the while, our risk score in our intelligence system for all coins sitting at a 25, a very low risk score. Hit the subscribe, hit the like on the way in. If you're not in our intelligence system, click the link below, check it out. We have a very big 40% sale still going on. We've got members coming in, planning their exits, using our risk models. So, please check it out. Before I dive into XRP, Ethereum, and Cardano charts, and everything that's happening with altcoins right now, I have to go over just two pieces of news very quickly. I'm not going to take a lot of time. This is one of them. This afternoon, the House passed the Genius Act, soon to be the first ever crypto law in our nation's history. It's crazy to even read that. This was obviously the headline news of today. Not to not to mention that the anti-CBDC got through as well as the Clarity got through. That's going to the Senate. really big news shortly after this happened though. Another headline just came into play and it's a massive headline. Donald Trump set to open US retirement market to crypto investments. President preparing executive order to allow 401k plans to tap broad pool of alternative assets. So the best question to ask right to to try and figure out well how's that such a big deal? Like you see retirement it's kind of like that's boring. Here's why it's a big deal. You ask yourself what what value is there that's kind of locked in the retirement market that's not in crypto. What's that value? $9 trillion. Trump is preparing to open the $9 trillion US retirement market to crypto, gold, and private equity. We talk a lot, especially with like the genius bill for instance, the stablecoin bill. Trillions are getting ready to be unlocked. We talk a lot about that because the markets really are still small markets. The crypto market's still early. So trillions being unlocked. We talk about it with like the genius, but there's multiple floodgates here. This is one of them that just came out of nowhere and this is a really big deal. So Trump expected to sign an executive order as soon as this week that would open up 401k plans to alternative investments beyond traditional stocks and bonds. Really cool, really cool news. Let's go over and let's do some analysis on these charts. XRP, there it is breaking all-time highs. Before we even really get into the the analysis that I want to talk about in relation to XRP, Ethereum, and Cardano, I want to mention something. We get these nice little bull environments, green candles, it's go to coin market cap, everything's green and looking bullish. Please be ready for for dips. That's all I'm going to say. Even if we're at the very beginning of a bull market, what if we even if we're about to enter a one-year long bull market, and I'm not saying that's what's happening, but if that's the case, that'd be great. But even then, when we start getting overextended, something like an XRP chart is a good example, and the 20 is crossing, this 20 moving average crossing above the 200, the 50, just be careful. Be careful for nope, time to take a break. Whether it's sideways, whether it's a big crash back down, just be careful. XRP, even if it's going to enter continued highs and hit targets that we have on the this channel. There's a $530 chart target. Here's a potential $8 or so target. Even if that's going to happen, XRP might find itself back in the twos. So, I wanted to mention that. Now, XRP, I wanted to bring up the risk model for XRP to prove a point. And it's this does not matter if you're a member in our intelligence system. This will be valuable. XRP is sitting at a 64. And you might be like, man, that's that's like kind of getting up there with with higher risk. And it's even categorized as a moderate sell in our system. But when you start studying the data, a a picture becomes clear. So here's last cycle, the bull cycle. XRP underperformed. It did not do well because the SEC was just ruining everything for XRP. And it's a really it's a big shame that it happened. So two cycles ago is is very much a better area in terms of price action momentum XRP narrative to to look at. Look at the risk model of XRP back here pre-bull market like going into it 76 cools down and then boom swing high goes to goes to the goes to 100 99 and then cools down again into the 40s 50s 60s and then boom next swing high. So, just notice the 60 area on XRP. And this is crazy to say because XRP is sitting at all-time high right now, but this 60 area for for XRP, even for XRP, if we look at previous data, is like a pre-bull move. So, sitting at a 64 is one way to look at it, but dissecting the data and understanding the way in which this model has reacted in the past is a better way to look at it. And even more so to go on a deeper level, I think studying something like the Bitcoin risk model, studying how Bitcoin, if you go look at Bitcoin risk model, the way in which it is operating, it is just consolidating with these higher highs and higher lows in a way that it's never done before. So when you start looking at something like an XRP risk model, maybe that's what happens. You can even see this this I mean just in January was sitting at a 75. Did that mean the bull market was getting close to topping out? No, it it didn't. It was just that was the swing high for XRP. It cooled down for months obviously as you know and now we're at 64. But what if we just go to a 75 again and then it cools down 75 like who knows how altcoins and crypto will react in this market. It doesn't have to look like previous cycles. And there's a very good possibility it doesn't. Ethereum right now. Just look at Ethereum. Then I want to the inflows are just next level. And then I do want to look at the the charts because it's very very meaningful for all coins. $499 million inflow on the 16th yesterday. That was Black Rockck. Total $726 million into Ethereum. And please keep in mind this is Ethereum ETF. altcoins, a bunch of different altcoins. They have their ETFs filings in play. The altcoin ETF storm has not even hit yet. So, there's a lot there's a lot happening now, right? Trillions coming in, pro crypto legislation, retirement accounts getting access to crypto, ETFs are filed for, they're not even in play yet. Like, there's a lot going on, but the storm is absolutely brewing. Here's Ethereum on the monthly. So, I know I mentioned it before, I think in yesterday's video, just keep in mind on the monthly, a ton of upside. We really are, from a momentum perspective in this territory compared to last cycle. And that was pre-bull market territory. So, without even looking at a risk model on Ethereum, we're in pre-bull market territory from a momentum perspective. That's not to say it's absolutely going to happen, but we're getting really nice signals that you you just can't ignore. We broke the pre we broke this this entire lower high trend. We broke it. We're above the moving average line on the monthly. And right now what's happening is Ethereum has broken back into the apex of the symmetrical triangle. This is the busted pattern I've been talking about really since like the beginning of March all the way back here. The busted pattern is basically, let me put it this way in in case you've not heard of it. we get the break to the downside and it's like, oh no, multi-year symmetrical triangle broke down. We're going straight to the target $500, $600 or maybe we won't go straight to it. We'll pull back to the trend line and then we'll make our way to it. That's a normal technical move. The reason why I've been calling for this busted pattern and I've been so set on it breaking back into this apex is because if Ethereum was going to break down to this target out of the symmetrical triangle, it would be in this type of environment. This red line for instance, the whole quantitative tightening, SEC attacking crypto, Celsius failing, FTX failing, everything falling into a bare market. That's what would be happening here for that to happen. So, I've been calling for the busted pattern because the opposite is happening. Look at all the bullish narratives and not only narratives, I shouldn't say that. Look at just the bullish things that are happening right now that the industry have has waited years and years for. Not to mention the business cycle, quantitative tightening, slowing down, coming to an end, interest rates going to come down, money printer is going to go on. So, if those things are happening, this is why I've been anticipating since back here in March. You know what? Yes, let's dip. Tariff, fear, do it. Shake everybody out. But that pullback to the pattern and the busted pattern coming into play, that's what I'm watching for. And now we're getting very close to the busted pattern. Really confirming. We are a moment away. Like this is $3,700 at the upper trend line. I want to see if Ethereum can break to the upside. But notice the resistance in I I can't say this enough. We're at lower high resistance that we have anticipated. So swing high to swing low right back to the Fibonacci this green rectangle. I'm very curious to see how Ethereum interacts with the 786 of this Fibonacci. It's $3,500 or so and the 3,700 upper trend line. Ethereum is there now. I'm so curious. A power move through would be so so awesome. But there might be resistance, everybody. We might find ourselves for days or weeks consolidating now after this nice little power move. This is what crypto does. I'm not saying it's going to happen. Just anticipate it. Let's wait to see if we get this breakout confirmation, but there could be resistance. Maybe it's not weeks, but here's the 20. It just crossed above the 50. Maybe Ethereum just wants to go kind of sideways a little bit, pull into those areas. I don't know. But I'm definitely watching Ethereum, especially as it relates to acting as an altcoin indicator because, you know, that's where it's important for me. So, that's Ethereum going over to Cardano. Cardano sitting at 83 and a half cents as I record the video. This is a very big indicator going off right now. And I want to explain why. You can see even actually back here it was it was going off, right? MACD turning green and it was actually kind of like sideways for over a month and then and then it broke out. But it's even a bigger deal than here. It's even a bigger deal than here. And these are like the previous swing higher lows. They're good good areas for Cardano. Here's why it's a big deal. It's because if you go back and you look at this moment back here, the the the entry to the bull market for for Cardano, November 2020, guess what the MACD was doing right there, it was going green. The MACD was crossing above the signal line and there was Cardano entering the bull market. And why is that so meaningful? Similar to what we just talked about with with something like the Ethereum pattern from a business cycle perspective, things took things have taken longer this cycle, right? Altcoin season delayed, you know, it was like everybody had their alarm set for alcoin season. Things are taking longer, but the business cycle is playing out and approaching in a more bullish manner than it is a bearish manner. And the reason that's important, you go to something like the Cardano risk model. So here's here's our exit planner with a risk model open. But I want to go to the risk model for Cardano. And if we look at it, it's sitting at a 42 right now. So we just saw XRP sitting at a 61. Here's Cardano sitting at a 42. Where was Cardano in November 2020 when that MACD was making that bullish move like it's making right now? It was around 41, right around the same risk score and the beginning of the bull move. So again, important to get in here. Members can set alerts. I think the 70s are an interesting area to set alerts for Cardano risk model and then obviously 80s 90s and you know you know the story but we're in pre-bull market territory for ADA right now on this in this chart. So when I'm looking at ADA on the weekly now that we have that MACD move here's here's the thing I'm paying attention to and I've been talking about it for too long it feels the bottom of the bull market doors is the 200 week moving average in red. It's 62 63 cents. We are 20 cents above it. This is great because we were very recently trading below it and wondering can we get back above it. But now the upper end of the bull market doors is around a$1205. This is the move that I think is potentially setting up to be in play for ADA sooner than people even realize it could happen. It could happen very fast. You look at last cycle when ADA made its way to that upper end of that bull market door area. We had no 200week moving average for the lower end. So, it's kind of just floating there. But that upper end of the bull market doors is the 20week moving average resistance into the bear. That being broken is massive. And so this cycle, this 20week moving average resistance into the bear, when that is broken, it's going to be massive. You can see we we we almost broke it when we thought the bull market was starting in November and we failed there. Resistance. So that's that target that I'm waiting for for ADA right now. uh on the ADA charts. What is good to see on the daily is we've broken this kind of lower high trend, but still there's the ADAS has has some work to do. You can just see the 20 is just crossing above the 50. There's not a ton of separation from the 200. It would be very nice to see if ADA can just rally a little bit more separation even into the 90s. I'm not saying go straight to A125, but before we get consolidation, it would be very nice to see if ADA can make a little bit more, you know, of a power move to the upside before consolidating because again, same as XRP, we talked about it. We're getting the 20 above the 50. We're getting a nice little move. These moves happen where we consolidate, we come back down. ADA could be back in the 60s and people will be like, I told you there's not going to be a bull market. you know, it's a bare market. People will be saying that. That's why it would be good if ADA can get a little bit more steam to the upside and even if it's going to test this this area. This is a lower high Fibonacci uh area that is very close to the upper end of the bull market doors. So, that's what I'm kind of tracking. I have this do not forget this moment box. This is kind of like a personal thing, but I'll share it because it's just exciting. We launched the platform, the CCB intelligence platform, like somewhere here, like I think like right there maybe. I'm pretty sure. And it since we launched, it's just been almost kind of when I started my YouTube channel at the beginning of the 2018 bare market, it's been like that, right? And it's just been such a cool time to build this company and to offer the tools that we're offering. And I just I'm not forgetting this moment. That's my box right there. So, um, I'll leave you with that on the ADA charts. If ADA, I'm I'm curious to see if we can make it to this lower high Fibonacci. It's around a dollar to$1.15. And what does ADA do at that moment, but let's just continue tracking. Please be be be careful everybody. Be prepared for dips. Be careful. It's a mental game. So much of this is a mental game, but let's continue just tracking the data and staying unemotional because we've seen how this whole thing has played out. I've been doing these videos almost eight years and we see how the data plays out. So, thank you for watching. Hit the subscribe, hit the like, and if you're not in our intelligence system, would just really love to uh have you back there. Give it a shot if you want. We have a 40% sale going on. But either way, if you're not a member, I appreciate you watching. I will see you in the next video. God bless.