What is up everybody? We've got uh I mean this was moved up. Everything was moved up so I put together this quick live stream. I wanted to I wanted to live stream this but this is kind of where we're at. This is Eleanor over an X. Um me check something here. At approximately 24310 which is about now the house will take the following votes. Uh the digital asset market clarity act of 2025 15 minutes. And you can see the timer passage of S1582 Genius Act and that is 5 minutes anti-CBDC surveillance state act 5 minutes. I think it could be worthwhile to give a little context on this this this entire situation like history actually was made with with this situation and I want to read I want to read this very briefly for anyone interested in kind of as they're voting um what transpired so and it really a lot of it happened yesterday the house is trying to pass three bills this week as many of you know it's the genius the clarity anti-CBDC uh the genius which is important to know already passed the Senate. So if it passes the House, it goes to the president, becomes law. Genius is that stable coin bill incredibly big. On Tuesday, the House Freedom Caucus and others blocked a procedural vote if you were tracking this. Uh this was yesterday to advance the bills for a variety of reasons. It looked like crypto week was game over, but mainly over CBDC's, which they despise. So they had the concern with CBDC's. They were kind of blocking it and then boom, they came to a deal on Wednesday. The deal was struck to include anti-CBDC bill and a a mustpass bill, the National Defense Authorization Act. The House then voted in favor of moving forward on all three bills. That was yesterday. And here's the history. Uh it took 10 hours the vote, the longest vote in modern House history. Now this morning, the House is back to debate and vote on genius and clarity. and they were debating earlier today. Uh the president has a signing cere ceremony scheduled for tomorrow, Friday, and everyone expects Genius to be on his desk by then. So hopes are high for stable coin legislation to be done today. Clarity will likely slip to considering The Clarity Act is kind of that first one they're voting on. I thought this was useful to read. This was um from majority whip Tom Emmer earlier today when they were doing the whole debating and you know talking about all this. For many years innovators and investors were forced to operate in illegal and this is meaningful to all of us that have been in the space and just been waiting for clarity. It's just crazy. We've been waiting for clarity. We have this clarity act. um illegal gray zone while agencies jostled for regulatory support superiority over the digital asset ecosystem leading blockchain developers to pack up and move abroad. The Clarity Act fixes this by creating regulatory guard rails tailored to the unique attributes of blockchain technology while giving users and developers the confidence to engage and innovate in the ecosystem. It's such it's such a big deal. Um you we can't even imagine how many uh institutions, companies, big players have been on the sidelines, how much capital has been on the sidelines. Can't even Wow. And I'm seeing XRP like literally on the daily chart about to break alltime high. This would be a funny event if it actually breaks this all-time high area on this live stream. Definitely not planned, but kind of sick. Very cool. I I want to interject. I know a lot of you are watching price. This is a massive event on the macro. This is a fundamental thing that's so important. I know a lot of you are watching price. I am too. I just want to point out XRP is fine. We can use this as an example. we have this really nice move beginning the 20 above this green line above the blue the 50 um when we get moves like that these are oftent times the beginning of very big moves you can see it back here in that November breakout but I also just want to say along the way we just never know how parabolic this might be or how many breaks and consolidations might take place so always be careful for huge dips these on all these charts right now, especially XRP chart. It is like potentially about to break into price discovery. It's there's really no use for analysis other than maybe some resistance where it is right now. Obviously, if it starts breaking to the upside, the support would be right here, but we do have the 20 crossing above the 50. So, these types of throwbacks could happen. And interestingly enough, we have such a headline event happening right now with with this with these votes, such a meaningful time for crypto. When we talk about the crypto era, this new crypto era, it's really because of things like this, this vote. Man, XRP, that's kind of cool, dude. This is great for altcoins. I haven't even really been looking at the charts. I'm gonna do a technical analysis video later tonight um on on altcoins on markets. ADA maybe I'll do ADA XRP. And check this out. Can you see this? That I took a snapshot of it. Do you realize this everybody? It's been said that's so small on my screen. It's been said that I break 400,000 subscribers, the bull market starts. So, I don't know how many people are in the live stream on YouTube, but if you're interested in a bull market, maybe you wanna maybe you want to get me past that threshold. I'm not sure, but it's been stuck in the 300s in the bare in the bare market. So, I think we're entering a new era for multiple different fronts. Just wanted to throw that out there. If you're not a subscriber, So what you see there on the screen by the way is in terms of like the order of events. This is the passage of HR 3633 and Digital Asset Market Clarity Act of 2025. That's what's going on. It's obviously looking uh pretty good, pretty good for passage through the House. Now, next is I think a big one, which is a genius act because this this one already got through uh the Senate. So, this gets through the House and it goes to President Trump's desk. And in relation to that, I saw this headline, Democrats are flipping from no to yes on clarity and genius bill votes. It's likely they will pass this afternoon. Trump has a crypto bill signing ceremony scheduled tomorrow. So, the signing ceremony is scheduled already for tomorrow, which is awesome. It's looking very promising, everybody. And you know, I I wanted to kind of document this and track this because it's a big deal. Um, you know, and they were doing a lot of debating earlier today on all this stuff. Uh, this the CBDC's was a big area that was kind of getting a lot of push back for good reason. And this post from Bill Hagert, he says, "The Genius Act ensures that US innovators, not central planners, shape digital asset policy in the United States. And there were a lot of again a lot of debates earlier today. The vote today is not just about crypto as we know it. It's about enabling the next generation of innovation enabled by blockchain. Man, I've been doing these YouTube videos for almost eight years. It's what we've been talking about is like innovating on the blockchain. And I just can't believe we have these these people in, you know, in Congress finally creating some guard rails in some some clarity for the space. It's very bullish, everybody. We did it. 400,000 everybody. 400,000 subscribers. The bull market can begin. The bull market can begin. And did XRP break alltime high? It's about to. It's actually pretty awesome. So, Dan, the Genius Act passed. Look at the votes. Um, I think the votes, the current votes are for passage 3633, which is the Clarity Act. I don't think I think Genius is next. Let's see what we got going on. Look at that. 400,21 subs. I need one of those like live stream tickers of my subs. That's awesome, everybody. I don't know who pushed me over the the finish line, but let's let's hope we can stay there. Let's hope we can stay above 400,000. I need some separation if we're going to do some technical analysis on my 400,000 subscribers. This is pretty cool because it's been kind of an ongoing joke in the comments like once I finally get to 400. I've been stuck at 399 for like a while. the the sentiment in the crypto space as you know has been very bad and things are you know it's a good indicator social sentiment and I'm I'm sure other YouTube channel channels are experiencing similar similar vibes so man thanks for the 400,000 subscribers everybody I really appreciate all of you guys there it is the bull market begins I would really like to see uh I think it only makes sense XRP breaks alltime high. Now, what's ADA doing over here? ADA's making its little breakout. Bitcoin just under 120. Crazy. Look at this. I mean, Bitcoin is a move away from testing its own all-time high. It's incredible. Appreciate you guys. 400K equals all coin season. That's what I'm talking about. Subscribe. Thank you, sir. Appreciate you. Christ is king. Amen. Amen, brother. you could do 500k. I'm hoping we have a super cycle and we can shoot for a million. So, I keep switching back and forth because, you know, it's there's like time limits, but then it's just the time runs out as you can see. So, you can see that and it's just kind of like we're hanging out. We're hanging out at at the clarity boat. This is clarity that's going on right now. Appreciate you, Kurt. Kyle, congrats on 400K. Been around since 2020. Thanks, Kyle. Appreciate it. Pound 2019. Thank you, sir. Dr. Crypto guys are awesome. We're just getting started, too. That's what's cool. So, in case you're just cruising on through, Eleanor over here laying out what's going on. The voting was moved up because I was I was going to do this live stream at like four o'clock today, which is in like 38 minutes. Things got moved up. Right now, what you see on the screen when I keep going back and forth is this one. Digital asset market clarity act. Um it's been going on for a little bit. The voting, you know, the time remaining is ticked down. That's all good to go. First first one cleared. The next one is the Genius Act, which it's looking good, everybody. It's looking good. So, this one's a big one because this has already gotten through the Senate and it'll make its way to president's desk tomorrow. Incredible. Like the first, this is really like the first massive bill, the stable coin bill. And then anti-CBD surveillance state act is an important one. As you know, a lot of drama involves yesterday in relation to even getting these through because of the uh CBDC concerns. So, that's kind of what's going on right now. This has probably helped a lot. Democrats are flipping from no to yes on clarity and genius bill votes. And you know, they were fighting everybody. They were fighting. Check this out. for drug dealers and tax evaders because every time a billionaire cheats on his taxes, a member of the Freedom Caucus earns his wings. I yield back it. So, they were trying. They were trying. They just throw their little lies out there and it is what it is. Look at Bitcoin dominance right now. still on passes 3633 on the clarity. There's not been an update. Um, Bitcoin dominance, you know, I'm not going to sit here. I'm waiting on some some things to happen in terms of altcoin season, but very interested in this 50week moving average. You all know back in November, we got very faked out in terms of altcoin season. Bitcoin just kept bouncing higher and I don't know maybe we'll have a cycle like never never before where it's just like I don't know everybody it doesn't necessarily have to be just absolute capitulation parabolic move you know our risk models on Bitcoin and all coins everything's operating different this cycle we we have to take this you know this is a marathon not a sprint especially now with things like this happening this space is about to grow so much, right? So, when we think about like here's all coin charts, we think about how speculative of a space this is and these explosive moves really lend itself to how speculative it is. And it still is very speculative, but the growth of the space might be more evened out. I don't know. I don't know if we're going to get something like that. You know, it might be something like this. Who knows? But we have to prepare either way. Here's a nice little snapshot for you on the altcoin risk model. By the way, this is altcoin market cap. We've we've got a bunch of altcoins back there, but this is just total crypto market cap excluding Bitcoin. You can just see the floor still at a 27. Such a low score in terms of risk. Kuwait in the house. I didn't I haven't even looked at the alt the I haven't even looked at S&P 500. That's crazy. Alltime high for S&P 500. I didn't even notice. Should probably go look at that chart actually. I saw a comment. Somebody asked me to explain you know the what's going on like what's what's genius for and um right now if we look at the screen this is still the clarity act that is up and this is good some good points on clarity I think two things are clear first the digital asset and blockchain tech are leading the next wave of financial innovation and we need to make sure that the innovation is occurring here in the US. So how do you make sure of that? Right? It's clarity. Give give clarity. Second, under the previous admin, the US failed to enact a regulatory framework that's aligned with the realities of the tech and adequately protect consumers. Today, the House has an opportunity to meaningfully improve the status quo that for too long has been marred by uncertainty and regulatory enforcement. The amount of uncertainty has been insane over the years. And this this opening up and being unlocked just regulatory clarity deregulation is going to open up innovation and a flood of innovation entering entering us. So that is the clarity act. Have all members voted? Does anyone wish to It's funny scrolling on X. You just got all these updates. Look at that. US passed crypto clarity act and the nays are 134. The bill is passed. Without objection, a motion to reconsider is laid on the table. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 20, the unfinished business and the vote on passage of Senate 1582 on which the yays and nays are ordered, the clerk will report the title of the bill. Senate 1582, an act to provide for the regulation of payment stable coins and for other purposes. The question is on passage of the bill. Members will record their votes by electronic device. This is five minute vote. This is a very big deal, Ray. This is a very big deal. We've been waiting a long time for this type of thing. Very long time. So, if you see what they're voting on, you see how it says, you can see how it says on passage 1582. So, this is like this next step of the voting process over here. And um this is what just happened and it passed the clarity. Now they're taking they say 5 minutes. They're taking 5 minutes for 1582 the genius act. And that's kind of where we are right now. Very big deal. The Clarity Act just passed the House in a vote 294 to 134. You saw it here live, everybody. Um, look at that. 78 Democrats voting in favor. More than double the 35 expected. That's telling. And more than 71, the 71 who voted to pass Fit 21 last year. Wow. Crypto is like coming around. This is a really big win for crypto. Now on to Genius. Bill Hagerty. This afternoon, the House will vote on the Genius Act. which by the way has already passed Senate. I am proud to have authored this legislation that will update America's payment system and make the United States the hub for innovation and digital assets. Genius will bring America's payment system into the 21st century, cement US dollar dominance, increase demand for US treasuries. the clarity act. Yes. Has to go to Senate. So somebody said, so Matthew said Trump has to sign these tomorrow. So what would be signed tomorrow, as I understand it, will be the Genius as long as it passes right now, which it's about to. Um because the Genius Act has already gotten through the Senate and now it's getting through the House. It will go to president's desk tomorrow. The Clarity, which just passed the House, still has to get through the Senate. So that's kind of what we got going on. Hopefully that makes sense. But yeah, Genius looking good. I mean, I'm happy to be I think we all know this is going to pass. I'm happy to be live streaming the moment because it's uh man, I'm going on eight years doing these YouTube videos on crypto and I can't even believe how far we've come. It's It's incredible. Really is crazy. It's cool to see this. I mean, you think about a year ago, you couldn't even imagine this happening. Remember last July, Biden administration trying to destroy crypto, SEC, Gary Gendler? He was there. He was there calling us fraudsters, scammers, and now I'm sitting doing a live stream. What is going on doing this? And please like the thing that I like really sit back and think about is like you can go to total crypto market cap. Let me you can go to total crypto market cap altcoins. It's $1.4 trillion market. It's so small. It really is very small. You can go to global market cap including Bitcoin that is small too. Bitcoin right now 120,000 119,000 it's just getting started everybody. It's crazy. Incredible really. History in the making, everybody. Thanks everyone for hanging in there. Thanks, Brandon B. I can't believe it. Like, if if we weren't doing this live stream, we would not be breaking 400,000. We're actually at 400,49. Do you understand that? That's bullish. I mean, I can't tell you how how long I was stuck at 399. And I'm not saying we won't fall back below it if sentiment gets bad again. But the sentiment through the bare market and even just recently, especially in the last two months, has been so bad. I've never seen it so bad. And I think I think crypto content creators and YouTubers and stuff, they're going to start seeing a social sentiment shift. Not going to try and say that three times fast, but I I really think social sentiment shift will will begin happening. And really, I'll provide some context, too, for anybody that's new in the stream. But the social sentiment shift if this altcoin breakout happens on the altcoin market cap chart, absolutely going to be huge. So, if you're just joining the stream, uh thank you Eleanor. Elanor is always killing it. If you're on X, you have to follow her in terms of just her journalism and cryptojournalism and updates on all things crypto. But here's the road map. This is what we've been live streaming right now. We uh around 245 or so this whole thing started the passage of 36 363 which is the digital asset. This the market clarity act. The clarity act you keep hearing about. This was just voted on. We were just streaming it. It passed. This will go on to the Senate now that it's gotten through the House today. I think I saw that that might I don't know that might not happen till next week. That might have been pushed. I'm not sure what this their schedule looks like. And right now, when you're looking at the screen and you see the votes, it's passage 1582, uh, which is the Genius Act. This this is a big one because this has already gotten through the Senate and will be on president's desk tomorrow to be signed. into law. And then next we have the anti-CBDC surveillance state act. That's what's kind of going on right now. That's what you're watching. So I'd say it's a pretty pretty exciting time for crypto for crypto holders. Let's get this to a,000 likes. I'll take it. I like this comment. I have to read it. It's great. Know it's tough to read, but greetings from Europe. This is history in the making. Not just a revolution in the US, but around the world. Strap in. And this rocket's going to Mars. That's what I'm talking about. That's a great clickbait YouTube title. I might have to steal that for later. That's I I really might take that, Chris. I don't know. I really might. I That's so good. Strap in. Did XRP break alltime high yet as we're kind of sitting here watching these votes? Let's go check it. It's something I'm curious about. It's always fun to watch a chart as it's trying to break all-time high. Let's go to this ADA chart. It's ADA on the weekly. That's from a po an X post I did earlier. Beautiful fractal. Here is XRP. Wow. You know what's crazy about this? when you're just think when we we'll go back to the votes in a in a moment, but you you were three days and five hours away from a weekly candle close here and and just look at that. We were waiting for this break above the 20week moving average. I think that's why I have these arrows here, similar to the breakback here. And there it is. But three days left on the weekly candle. What's crazy is we have this massive resistance on the weekly. This is all-time high resistance. Who knows how this candle will close. I would really like for altcoins, this would be good for altcoins if XRP can get separation away, break all-time high. I don't want to see a big ugly wick right here on this weekly. That would just be messed up. And then the candles closing down here at like $3. But please note, as bullish as I am on crypto, that would not surprise me at all. I'm telling you, everybody, if you're out there, you're just hanging out, you're you're just new to crypto, you've been here for years, doesn't matter. Bam. Pulling into these moving averages always, just I'm not saying this is what's going to happen, but just please be ready for it. And then maybe then the big leg up everybody wants is in August. That's all I'm just saying. Be ready for that. I know many of you are watching price as am I. Um, and these things happen. This isn't the beginning of a bare market in my opinion if that happened. But so 307122 obviously we're looking good. This is all good to go to president's desk. I want to hear her, you know. I want to hear her say, "It has passed." Way to hang through all the naysayers beating you down every day. You have been vindicated. I don't even care about vindication, man. I just want to see everybody win. And I appreciate all you guys out there that hung through, too. You You had to read all the negative comments. And they might not be over, by the way. We all have to read these these negative comments together. Let's go Portugal. Thanks, Manuel. Yeah. So, I know we continually have new people entering the stream. Someone said it's just one of the three bills. So, this is the genius right now. The Sorry for the stream quality on this. Um, I don't know why it's like that. Keeps going in and out. But right now, this is genius passing getting through the house. We've already had clarity pass the House and uh clarity will need to go to the Senate. Now, this one, the Genius Act, has already passed through the Senate, which I'm pretty sure I live streamed that last week. Thanks Bulgaria for being here. Daniel from Bulgaria. It's funny how time just runs out and everybody just It's funny how slow things move. You know what I mean? I just feel like our generation would just be like, "Get in here, vote, use the blockchain, call it a day literally in 20 seconds. This is nuts. I can't believe it's still like this. This has to change, dude. Got North Carolina in the house. We got people from all over like Norway. Imagine that. Everywhere. Portugal. Appreciate all you watching. History in the making right now. That's what this is. kind of curious if we have XRP holders out there because like you get to moves like this and it's just you're at the edge of your seat. Do we have any XRP holders out there watching this live stream, watching the XRP charts? Just curious. Doesn't matter if you don't hold XRP either, everybody. This is phenomenal for altcoins. We want to see movers. We want to see Here's one thing I've seen throughout every altcoin cycle that I've been around. Altcoin, and I say this like over the years on my YouTube channel, altcoins take turns. You want to see that. One thing I learned is sit tight. If your altcoin is not moving, I can't tell you how many times I've been like, "Ah, you go you go chase a pump, then your altcoin moves. All coins take turns." And it's great to have leading indicator altcoins. XRP potentially one of them. I've been watching Sueie. I'm I want I don't know what Sooie is doing right now, but I'm watching Sueie as a potential indicator consolidating right now. I don't know. But all the way getting separation out of nowhere a breakout to the upside could be a very nice altcoin indicator. Maybe ADA is a leading indicator. I don't know. But right now XRP doing its thing. And it does look like holding XRP. Watching to reach alltime high now. XR bought XRP 22 cents. Look at that. 85% of my bag is XRP. It's awesome. Congrats to the XRP holders. What's up, Jackson? We got James Jackson, the Jackson fam from UK. Appreciate you, man. Seven years and an XRP holder. Congrats on the alltime high, James and Jackson fam. Love you guys. Um so still over here on passage uh 1582 which is this one. So technically this started at 240 to is supposed to be 240 to 310 and we're still only on the second one. Let's see if Elanor's got any other updates going on over here. Just this one. We've we've read this one. In case you weren't here, the Clarity Act passed the House. Really big win for crypto. And soon we will be getting the confirmation that uh Genius Genius has passed. I'm I mean, I just want the lady just to say that that it passed. It's It's passed. It did pass. The Genius The Genius Act has passed. It's going to President Trump's desk tomorrow. This will be interesting. This is actually This has played out very well. Sell the news has played out very well for a while. I don't know how this will play out now, but it's just I'm not a trader in in especially at this part of a cycle. I'm not a trader. I'm a macro trader, cycle trader, macro investor, but there's no way. I mean, want to take some profits? Fine. Heat. Heat. Does anybody wish to change your vote? Does anyone want to change a vote? Here we go. The eyes are 308 and the nazs are 122. The bill is passed. Without objection, a motion to reconsider is laid to the table. Look at that. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 20, the unfinished business is the vote on passage of HR1919 on which the yays and nays are ordered. The clerk will report the title of the bill. Union calendar number 66, HR19/19, a bill to amend the Federal Reserve Act to prohibit the Federal Reserve banks from offering certain products or services directly to an individual to prohibit the use of central bank digital currency for monetary policy and for other purposes. The question is on passage of the bill, members will record their votes by electronic device. This is a fiveminut vote aka 25minut vote. There it is everybody. The the official hammer the genius act going to Trump's desk. Come on now. It's awesome. Um somebody said, "Does one of these bills include no tax on capital gains on crypto?" No. And when it comes to that, that's a proposed bill by Senator Lumis. I'm not sure where that's going to find its way in the mix actually, but that is I believe like capital gains on $300 or less transactions. But I really think the bigger story with that uh Senator Lumis proposal, I think the bigger story is the no double taxation on staking and mining. I think that's the I think that's the bigger story. So, they're both bullish obviously, but I'm very I'm very excited to see what happens with with Senator Lumis and her um proposal with that with that bill. So, the Clarity Act will be voted over in the Senate in the coming week. Yeah, it's looking like clarity it does need to be voted in the Senate and it's looking like it will be next week from what I've that that's the most recent update that I saw. Uh I think the the hold up yesterday kind of like slowed things down probably in relation to their scheduling over here. But I don't know these things can change quick and uh we'll see. I don't know if you can really read that, but the Genius Act aims to make stable coins safe and more trustworthy by requiring me real money backing and clear rules, potentially boosting mainstream use, but also increasing big company companies control. So, let's see what happens with this one. By the way, everybody, oh, we're almost at 1,000 likes, too. Come on. We're We're like hovering on I mean, we're definitely not even in this is not this is not altcoin bull market territory, by the way, but we're like the vibes are getting there slowly. But we've got I don't know if you can even see this. Can you see this? We did it. And we're getting some separation. We want to do some analysis on my subscriber count. This is the bull market indicator. Um 400,000 has been broken on this live stream and we're cruising on up. We're at 68 400,00068. So, we want to get some we want to get some separation from 400,000. Appreciate you guys. Did XRP break all-time highs yet? I don't think it's it's probably not going to happen on this screen on this stream. Um, appreciate it. Look, we got Cardano with Paul in the house. Go subscribe to C uh with Paul. Go subscribe to Cardano with Paul. Appreciate you, Paul. Trying to help me get to a thousand likes, my man. Thanks, dude. Appreciate it. Wow, we got 2,000 likes, too. You guys are in a good mood today, man. How's this vote looking? Look at this. Not actually entirely sure what happens if this doesn't pass actually. But I I'm really not sure what would happen if it didn't pass. But we should be fine. 218 to win. Four more. There we go. We have a happy viewer 100% in XRP. This is the Somebody asked what's this bill? This is the anti-CBDC act looking good. So, in case you're, you know, just entering, here's the status update on everything that's happened. First, we had 28 minutes ago the Clarity Act passed the House. This is crazy. And um then we just had the Genius Act just passed the House and now we're on the anti-CBDC act. That's where we are right now, man. That's look like looking like we're good. Big day for crypto. Big day for crypto holders. Doesn't even matter where you are. You don't have to be in the You don't have to be in the States. Have all members voted? Does anyone wish to change on this vote? The eyes's are 219 and the nays are 210. The bill is passed. Without objection, a motion to reconsider is laid on the table. Pursuant to clause 12A of rule one, the chair declares the house in recess subject to the call of the chair. There it is everybody. There it is, I'd say. So, we have Clarity Act passed, Genius passed, anti-CBDC passed, we have uh the Clarity Act going to Senate, I believe, next week, unless something changes in the short term. And we have, this is probably the headline news. This is Jake Travinsky. The Genius Act passes the House by a huge margin, 307 to 122. That's very surprising. The president will sign it into law tomorrow. We have stable coin regulation in the USA. I'm not saying, "Hey, in the next 24 hours, everybody, the floodgates open." But this is this is one floodgate, okay? But we're talking about these these things that are occurring that are going to unlock trillions of dollars in capital to come into the crypto space. This is why I'm so bullish on crypto. This is why when I go and I look at altcoins or even Bitcoin or whatever and I just see higher higher low growth on the macro insane compression, you know, we have to survive these moments that happen. It just is what it is if you're a value investor. It just is what it is. If you have that macro thesis, but it's compression and we might get more consolidation. I don't know. But this space, everybody, this space is getting very very bullish. The crypto space is getting very very bullish. So that's the altcoin market cap right there. Just to give you a sense, Bitcoin's at like 118. Nothing crazy going really, you know, on on the Bitcoin chart. If you look at XRP chart, still hovering where it is on the daily, testing all-time highs, not yet breaking. So in the immediate short term, like there's not much of a reaction. I I almost would be s you know I don't know what the reaction will be going into tonight you know and this weekend but we might we might get some pullback we really might get some pullback I think that is probably a very good idea to be potentially prepared for that it would be incredibly normal um even a very volatile throwback you you look at something like XRP has incredible separation from these moving averages that's just a scenario You know, I'm going to do later on I want to do an analysis. You go to an ADA chart right now. You go to the daily, but let's change it to an hourly. Gives a nice demonstration of right now. The most bullish news I've probably covered in a live stream on this channel. And we we might potentially actually start seeing red candles now. Very normal. Very normal for these volatile markets. Um, but I'll probably do an analysis on crypto altcoins a little bit later and we can talk about all of these things. So, if you're not a subscriber, subscribe. If you're one of the 400,000 subscribers, thanks for helping me get over that finish line in this live stream. This is this is getting pretty fun. Um, as we go into this new c this new crypto era and turn notifications on so you are notified when we do go live or when I'm posting a video, for instance, on the price action of crypto a little bit later. I'll give it a few hours to see kind of what what what's going on with these charts and then we'll do an update. But appreciate each and every one of you on the way out. If you're not a subscriber, subscribe. We got a ton of people out there watching. So, uh, and if you enjoyed the content, please hit the like. It means a lot to me. I'll see you in the next video. God bless.