Recently, Black Rockck CEO Larry Frink published  an article in the Financial Times titled, quote,   "It's time for the second draft of globalization.  It's safe to say that it took the world by storm."   In that article, Larry acknowledged that  globalization has created multiple problems   such as growing wealth inequality. But it goes  without saying that the solutions he has in   mind could make things much worse. And that's why  today we're going to take a look at what exactly   Black Rockck is planning, how this could affect  the markets, and what you can do to prepare. My   name is Nick and you're watching the Coin Bureau.  I'll start by saying that nothing in this video   is financial advice. It's educational content  intended to inform you about BlackRock. If you   appreciate this kind of education, then smash  that like button. And if you want to make sure   you get more videos like these, then subscribe  to the channel and ping that bell as well. Now,   let's begin with a summary of that article. Larry  starts by revealing that he's been traveling the   world over the last few months meeting with the  leaders of countries. Naturally, they've all had   the same question. What's going to happen with  the tariffs? Larry apparently didn't give a clear   answer, but notes that the tariffs could result in  quote supply shocks, spiraling inflation, economic   slowdown. If this sounds familiar, that's because  Larry was one of the Wall Street executives   telling the mainstream media that the US economy  was headed for a recession and could already be in   one. And this was all back in April. To refresh  your memory, April was when Trump's so-called   Liberation Day tariffs were announced. Wall Street  execs were not happy and many, including JP Morgan   CEO Jaime Diamond, were loudly speaking out.  Another thing that Larry said back then was that   the markets could crash by another 20%. But here  we are, with stock indices hitting new all-time   highs. Funnily enough, Larry doesn't address this  in the article, at least not directly. All he says   is that the effects of tariffs have been quote  priced in, speculated to death, endlessly churned   through headlines. Even so, Larry says this is  just the shortterm story. The long-term story   is where things get interesting. Larry rightfully  points out that Trump's tariffs are fundamentally   a response to the inequalities caused by  globalization over the last few decades. However,   he argues that this kind of economic nationalism  is not the cure for the sickness of relentless   globalism. Instead, he argues for a quote blend  open markets with national goals and workers   in mind. In other words, Larry is worried about  economic nationalism because it'll make it harder   for asset managers like BlackRock to move their  money and influence around the world. And that's   a problem as far as they're concerned, which is  why they're framing the alternative as somehow   being of benefit to us. Case in point, Larry goes  on to give a definition of globalization that's   a bit questionable. Quote, "Under globalization,  money often chase returns around the world without   necessarily benefiting the people back home."  And this is questionable because it's not the   flow of money that's created issues per se. It's  the fact that labor was outsourced to the lowest   cost jurisdictions to maximize profits as much  as possible. With this questionable definition   of globalization as his foundation, Larry then  argues that the solution to the problems of   globalization is to quote channel citizens savings  into local businesses and infrastructure. If this   sounds familiar, that's because it's what the  EU is trying to do, too. But uh that's a topic   for another time and we actually have a video  coming on that in the next few days. So make   sure you subscribed and hit that bell. Anyways,  Larry claims that by channeling the savings of   citizens into local businesses and infrastructure,  it's the locals who will ultimately benefit. And   this is also debatable as many countries and  global corporations have begun importing cheap   labor to suppress wages. And the most egregious  example here being Canada, which is experiencing   some of the lowest growth in GDP per capita as a  result, but that's also a topic for another time. It's the place to be when you're in need  of amazing crypto deals and opportunities.   It's got savings that you won't believe like  money off those pesky trading fees. It's the Coin   Bureau deals page. Sign up bonuses and discounts,  too. Coin Bureau Deals page. We put these deals   together just for you. Just for you. Anyhow,  this begs the question of how exactly Black   Rockck will convince citizens to channel their  savings into local businesses and infrastructure.   As it so happens, Larry lays out a stepbystep  plan for us. Step one is to help more people   become investors. And this is a bit odd because  60% of the people in the US and the EU are already   investors. And chances are that this figure  won't rise much higher. Whatever the case,   Larry uses Japan as an example of how this can  be incentivized. He notes that recent changes to   Japan's tax laws incentivize more investment for  retirement. And this is extremely important to   note because retirement accounts are often managed  by asset managers like Black Rockck. Logically,   this suggests that it's actually Black Rockck that  will be steering all of this capital as they see   fit. Anyways, regarding Europe, Larry reiterates  the same thing that EU elites like Ursula Fundlean   and Christine Lagard have, and that is that  Europeans save a lot more than Americans, but   they're not investing this money in Europe. Larry  blames this on a lack of unified capital markets.   But even EU elites acknowledge that unified  capital markets aren't necessarily the problem.   Europeans simply consume less than Americans. But  Larry seems to insist that it's just the lack of   a unified capital market as he's confident the  proposed savings and investment union will do   the trick in tricking more capital to flow into  Black Rockck's coffers. He even says, quote, "If   I were an EU politician, that union would be my  top priority." Since we're already on the topic,   we might as well give you a spoiler as to what's  in our upcoming video about this union. In theory,   the proposed savings and investment union  will just make it easier for Europeans,   particularly retail investors, to invest in assets  across the EU. Uh, contrary to some viral claims,   it will not force Europeans to invest in the  dystopian stuff that the EU wants. But as always,   the devil is in the details. Maria Louise  Albuquerque, the architect of the EU's   proposed savings and investment union, revealed  in a presentation back in April that part of the   proposal will include auto enrollment in pension  funds across the EU. What this means is that all   working Europeans will contribute to pension funds  by default. In case you forgot, these pension   funds are usually managed by asset managers like  uh Black Rockck. And in case you didn't know,   Black Rockck is on board with dystopian  technologies such as a digital ID, which the   EU is heavily pushing and needs investment for. In  practice, then the proposed savings and investment   union will make it possible for the EU to subtly  siphon money from working Europeans and allocate   it to dystopian infrastructure projects it wants  to fund, all with the help of Black Rockck and Co.   The good news is that if the EU's savings and  investment union is approved, then it's likely to   lead to a huge speculative wave as EU politicians  are explicitly looking to funnel retail capital   into startups. And this is a recipe for rampant  speculation, which could prove to be insanely   profitable to those who get in early. The bad news  is that Black Rockck seems to want to deter this   kind of speculation since Larry explicitly warns  that quote unchecked financialization can fuel   inequality. Perhaps we are reading too much into  this, but it sounds like Larry doesn't want retail   investors to get too involved in these startups  because it could create lots of volatility and   wealth inequality as early investors reap most of  the rewards. Now, by this point, you're probably   wondering what exactly Larry and Black Rockck's  second draft of globalization really looks like.   Besides getting more people to become investors  and tweaking regulations to incentivize more   domestic investment, Larry doesn't give much info,  at least not in his article. To be blunt, it's not   exactly that compelling or encouraging, especially  when you recall that a lot of the global   corporations and governments are bringing in cheap  labor to do most of the infrastructure development   that's expected to be funded with the savings of  the citizens of the countries it's happening in.   In this sense, the second draft of globalization  looks almost exactly like the first, but the   geography is different. Instead of outsourcing  labor to where it can be done for the lowest cost,   the lowest cost labor is now being imported.  And this could very well be a consequence of   the fact that labor costs are starting to rise  in jurisdictions like China and even India, which   were historically the destinations for outsourced  labor. And this begs an even bigger question   though, and that's why there's so much of a focus  on infrastructure development in the first place.   And if you watched our video about Larry's letter  to Black Rockck's investors earlier this year,   you'll probably already know the answer. Neither  corporations nor governments have the capacity to   provide the $68 trillion Black Rockck estimates  will be needed to be spent on infrastructure in   the coming years. And this has corporations  and governments looking at the savings of   their consumers and citizens with dollar signs  in their eyes. To put things into perspective,   there are over $25 trillion of savings sitting in  banks and money market funds in the US and around   $13 trillion of savings of this kind in the EU.  So when Larry says we need to get more people   invested in the markets, what he actually means  is that all the people who are saving their money   need to start giving it to BlackRock so that  it can allocate it in accordance with the ESG   agenda and the UN's sustainable development goals  or SDGs which every country is supposed to hit in   the coming decades. And FYI, the purpose of ESG  is to meet the SDGs. And this isn't some kind of   conspiracy theory either. Raj Raalo, the president  and CEO of Global Infrastructure Partners or GIP,   revealed in a recent interview that the first  priority for infrastructure investment is the   quote decarbonization of the global economy. And  to bring you up to speed, BlackRock acquired GIP   last year as part of its push to start investing  in infrastructure globally. And if you watched our   affforementioned video about Larry's letter to  Black Rockck's investors, you'll remember that   Black Rockck and GIP are acquiring everything from  airports to ports around the world. News flash,   but they are literally in the process of  privatizing the entire world's infrastructure,   which is truly scary. That's scary. Yeah. The  only thing scarier than that are the even more   dystopian ambitions of the jurisdictions  like the EU, which do in fact want to use   some of these passive flows they'll get from the  savings and investment union to militarize Europe   in the coming years and decades. They also want  everything to be green and digitally surveiled.   So, it looks like we'll have solar powered tanks  patrolling the streets of Europe in no time.   Jokes aside, the key takeaway is that asset  managers like Black Rockck and jurisdictions   like the EU are not only aligned, but actively  working together to introduce investment schemes   that basically trick people into investing into  ideological projects that don't benefit them   and could actually be harmful. And this begs the  biggest question of all, and that's whether Black   Rockck and Cole will succeed in implementing their  second draft of globalization. Believe it or not,   but the answer seems to be no. And that's  just because most of the tens of trillions   of dollars of savings that asset managers and  governments have their eyes on aren't merely   sitting in bank accounts. They're invested  in other assets, typically government bonds.   You see, many wealthy people around the world are  keep their savings in government bonds because   they're essentially the safest place they can keep  their money. Deposit insurance in most countries   only goes up to a few hundred,000, which puts  any additional savings at risk. By contrast,   you can rest assure that a government will pay  back its bond holders. The only risk here is   currency devaluation. And this is where things  get truly fascinating. For those unfamiliar,   bond yields are determined by bond prices, which  are determined by supply and demand, just like any   other asset. The lower the bond price, the higher  the bond yield, and vice versa. Notably, bonds are   always paid back in full when they mature. Hence  why the only risk is currency devaluation, in case   you didn't already know. So, what happens if the  tens of trillions of dollars currently invested in   government bonds start to move into other assets?  Obviously, bond yields will rise and in turn,   this will cause interest rates in the economy  to rise. To be clear, we're not calling for a   titanic sell-off of bonds. So, that's extremely  unlikely. Instead, we're describing a scenario   where there's a gradually less demand for bonds  due to less savings. In this scenario, there would   be two paradoxical effects. The first is that  the rise in bond yield would make bonds even more   attractive as a savings vehicle. And when given  the choice between investing in a speculative   green energy startup with zero cash flows and a  bond yielding 7%, most savers would likely choose   to stick to the bond. And this is guaranteed if  the yield is substantially higher than inflation.   The second paradoxical effect is that the rising  bond yields would suppress economic activity and   this would lower the amount of savings as people  start getting laid off and spending down their   savings to survive. It will also result in many  people selling out of all the infrastructure   projects they were allocating to. And that reminds  me, many of the things that Black Rockck wants to   spend people's savings on are illquid assets, like  bridges, for example, many of which won't be made   for years. Aside from the fact that privatization  of previously public services would be the only   way to make these investments profitable, the  capital invested would be locked for years. So,   people wouldn't be able to sell if they needed  extra cash. And this is presumably the primary   reason why there's tens of trillions of dollars  sitting in various forms of lowyield savings   accounts. After the inflationary shock of the  pandemic, it's safe to assume that everyone is   aware of how quickly their purchasing power is  disappearing. And this means there's only one   reason why they would continue to keep their money  in savings because it's there when they need it.   The inherent illquidity of the assets Black Rockck  wants people to invest their savings into could   be the Achilles heel to the second draft of  globalization rather than its effects on the   bond markets. Nobody in their right mind will  agree to lock up their money for years when the   world is becoming more uncertain and volatile by  the day. And that's why Black Rockck and Co must   sneak it through the back door with auto pension  enrollment. But for the sake of entertainment,   let's say that Black Rockck and Co. succeed in  rolling out their second draft of globalization.   What would that mean for you and for the markets?  I'll start by saying that this process is already   underway. Larry revealed in a recent interview  with Forbes that the reason why he's been   traveling around the world in recent months is  to meet with leaders to implement Black Rockck's   plan. And this is precisely why we're starting to  see countries like the UK make tweaks around the   margins that either incentivize people to save  less or invest more. And it's also why we're   starting to see countries like Italy introduce  expanded work and immigration programs to bring in   hundreds of thousands of laborers from lowincome  countries in the coming years. And this will also   have two paradoxical effects. The first is that it  will suppress wages in the industries where wages   should be rising the fastest. And the second is  that it will cause services related inflation to   rise, namely housing. If you stop and think, you  realize that globalization 2.0 is truly the same   as globalization 1.0 with workers getting the  short end of the stick except this time they're   getting a front row seat, so to speak. There  is a silver lining though and that's that the   corporations on the receiving end of these capital  and labor flows will be extremely profitable. Not   only will they receive large sums of money  from the savers being incentivized to invest   in them directly via Black Rockck, but they will  also receive huge subsidies and incentives from   governments. In case you missed the memo, the free  market died a long time ago. In all seriousness,   the fact of the matter is that the corporations  that perform the best will no longer be those that   provide the best products and services, but those  that have the closest connections to institutions   like Black Rockck and the EU. You may not agree  with their ideologies, but as the saying goes, do   you want to be right or do you want to make money?  In a revamped version of globalization, where   you're now competing directly with foreigners for  jobs in your area, the only way to get ahead is to   play the game by its rules. And this means doing  your best to work for the corporations with the   closest connections to the elites and investing  in the most radical and ideological ones. Ideally,   you'll do this without losing yourself in the  process. That will be the hard part. As grim as   this all sounds, there is one ironic fact that  will prevent this from lasting for long, and   that's that it's unsustainable. If wages continue  to be suppressed while inflation continues to   rise, a change in leadership is inevitable, be  it via a democratic process or by force. Contrary   to Black Rockck's claims, corporations are not  short on cash either. They also have trillions   of dollars on their balance sheets. In the end,  they will probably be the ones that have to pay   for all of this infrastructure development, and it  will come in the form of higher wages to domestic   labor in each country. With luck, these wage  increases will be large enough to encourage   more family formation and reverse the population  declines we're now seeing in every country around   the world. But uh that is yet another topic for  another time. And by the way, you should know   that public infrastructure isn't the only thing  that Black Rockck is trying to control. It's also   trying to control crypto, even Bitcoin. And you  can find out more about that by watching this   video over here. And if you're not subscribed to  the channel yet, you can do that right over here.   This is me, Nick, signing off. Thank you guys very  much for watching, and I'll see you again soon.