Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back into the cryptoverse. Today we're going to talk about Ethereum dubious speculation. If you guys like the content, make sure you subscribe to the channel, give the video a thumbs up, and check out the sale on into the cryptoverse premium at into the cryptoverse.com. Let's go and jump in. So, Ethereum has rallied back up to $3,000. So you can see that after Ethereum went home, ETHUSD has actually done incredibly well, right? All the way up from, you know, what,300 to 3,50 or so. We basically gave sort of a range of home being between like 1,200 to,500. You know, around the time it was hovering, 1500,600. it had this one wick down to about 1,300 and then we did our welcome home Ethereum video. Now, one of the things that we said for Ethereum is that in order for ETH Bitcoin to bottom, right, in order for ETH Bitcoin to bottom, ETHUSD had to fall below this support level, right? This was a very similar thing that we've seen play out in prior cycles as well. Right? Even if you look at the last cycle once ETHUSD fell below this support level, right? It wasn't until after that that then ETH Bitcoin finally bottomed. Now, what you'll notice is that during this drop right here, after ETHUSD finally lost support, ETHUSD had this drop and then in early April that they had this wick all the way down here. Now, look at ETH Bitcoin. You see that wick right there? That was in a little bit later on in April, but ETH Bitcoin did have a similar drop. Now, obviously, I can't know for sure if ETH Bitcoin has bottomed, right? Like, I can't say for sure if it has. I I think if it goes lower, even if it's to a higher low, I I think the main reason would be to escort to escort all Bitcoin pairs to their lows, right? I mean, and again, like this is one of those things that, you know, it could certainly get me into some trouble with certain people because there's always a chance here that altcoins, you know, get a rally back up for a little while before going lower to the range lows. There's even a chance that they could even go all the way back up here before coming back down. I mean, look at what happened in 2017. They rallied from the same level all the way back up to 0.5 and then went to the range lows before getting a big a big move back up. So, I think the only reason that ETH Bitcoin could get a pullback at some point again this year would be during the pullback. The whatever pullback takes altcoins to their range lows, that could also correspond to a pullback by ETH Bitcoin. What I'm looking at right now though is ETH Bitcoin just had a weekly close above the bull market support band, which is certainly news, right? I mean, anytime it does that, I at least start to pay attention. Last year I was not very optimistic about it holding as support and the main reason was because I thought ETHUSD needed to go home. Quantitative tightening was still going on and interest rates had not yet been cut. This year obviously we have had some interest rate cuts. Quantitative tightening has slowed quite a bit. So I'm not as closed off to the idea, right? There's a chance that it holds as support. But if it does fall back in here and even if it's into a higher low, uh I think it would mainly be due to accompanying all Bitcoin pairs lower. But what I'm looking at with ETHUSD here is, you know, is it following what Tesla did last year, right? I mean, and you might say, well, that's kind of coming out of left field. But we, if you go back and watch the last few videos we've done, um especially whenever we've talked about Ethereum, one of the main comparisons that I made was actually comparing it to Tesla, right? this drop into April. I mean Tesla had this drop into April of 2024 right here, right? This drop into April of 2024 and then it rallied into mid July, got a pullback and then set new all-time highs by December, right? So I mean like I am operating somewhat deterministically and and that could actually get me into trouble. I mean some Ethereum going home was a risky call. It paid off. Bitcoin dominance was a risky call. It paid off. Um, I am operating under the assumption that Ethereum will eventually hit new all-time highs, which, you know, I I might maybe I'm wrong about that, right? I I could I could be wrong about that. The the the thing that I I think that's hard to figure out is the path there, right? Like, if it follows Tesla, then it would get a pullback into Q3 a little bit later on in Q3 and then not make new all-time highs until potentially December, right? which if it does that, it would actually correspond to what we've seen the last couple of years. Now, you might say, "What are you talking about?" Like, how could a high in like December correspond to the last couple years? Well, look at all Bitcoin pairs. You know, the main rallies by all Bitcoin pairs the last couple of years actually occurred in October, November, right? Like October, um, November, December, right? That was when these bigger these larger rallies occurred. Now, that doesn't mean you can't have that now, but look at 2017. Like, the bigger rally up here didn't occur, didn't really start going until late October, early to mid November. So, if Ethereum were to do that, then it could mean that all Bitcoin pairs, you know, come up here and then they get rejected to the range lows and then they go up and then maybe it's under that rally that sends Ethereum to potentially new all-time highs, right? The path is so hard, right? the path is so hard and you know a lot of people might say well the path isn't so important but you know I think if you're a person who's been dcaing altcoins for the last 3 to four years and realizing you should have just been buying Bitcoin it makes a lot more sense why you talk about the path of all Bitcoin pairs with Ethereum going home you know I I can't like I I don't want to fade ETH right I mean it went home on its USD pair and if you look at ETH Bitcoin market cap ratio look what it did right I mean it it went back to where it went last cycle Right? So I I Ethereum went home on its USD pair and you could also argue it went home on its on its Bitcoin valuation as well. And if you look at ETH dominance, ETH dominance swept the low from the prior cycle, right? Like it swept it swept this low right here from the prior cycle. So in for Ethereum, it seems like a lot of this stuff played out how it made sense to, right? like Ethereum USD went home. ETH Bitcoin dropped considerably, but technically speaking, ETH Bitcoin is still a higher low, right? It is still technically a higher low. And that's what I've always focused on at this point in the cycle, right? Like everyone always say um you know these I mean these are higher lows and you know for the last three years I was more so focused on the lower highs because for me I'm like guys look I mean Bitcoin dominance needs to go up. we're in this phase of the cycle and everyone's like, "Well, you're ignoring the higher lows." I was never ignoring the higher lows. It was just the phase of the cycle to be bearish on ETH Bitcoin, right? That was the phase of the cycle. Um, but it seems like a lot of that's played out for Ethereum, right? Like that was the missing puzzle piece for Ethereum to go home. But there's another puzzle piece now, right? And that's all Bitcoin pairs. Like, are they going to go home? I think they are, right? I think they are. It's just hard to know the exact path to which they get there, right? That's what's really hard to know. Do they just kind of stall out here like 2019 and go to the range lows just before QT potentially ends? Do they get a bigger bounce and then go to the range lows? I don't know. Right. But the path of that obviously will have implications for ETHUSD. Now, ETHUSD on the daily time frame is still running into this, right? this sort of these higher highs that that's what it's still running into right now. So again, I I'm I'm not really able to make a lot of videos right now. So I'm just recording a couple and I'll release them. Um but that's what I'm watching, right? Like can Ethereum break through here? And by the time I release this video, maybe it already has, right? I don't know. Um can it break through there? That's the shorter term resistance, right? That's the short sort of that shorter time frame that I'm I'm looking at. And remember, if you compare it to Tesla, it was around, you know, I mean, it was around mid July when Tesla got that pullback. Now, I mean, it wasn't a big pullback. Tesla just got this pullback starting the week of July 8th. Um, if you look at it on the daily time frame, just to make these comparisons between Tesla and Ethereum, um, if you look at Tesla in 2024, I mean, it found a low in sort of like mid to late April and then it rallied until about mid July and then it got a pull back to the bull market sport band. Now, if you look at Ethereum, it already got a pullback to the bull market sport. So, I don't even know if it needs to do that because I mean, technically, it already did it, right? But that doesn't mean it it won't just rally and then go back to the bull market support band again, which is what Tesla kept doing until late October, right? That's what it kept doing until late October. So, there's a chance that Ethereum does that same thing. Now, if it does that, I think the main reason will be to escort all Bitcoin pairs to the range lows if it shows that, you know, if it shows that weakness, but I think um that's sort of the shorter term resistance for Ethereum is to break through that ultimately. I mean, I hope it does. Um, I I I've seen a lot of people be super bullish about Ethereum for a long time and to sort of finally give up. And now that they're giving up, you know, I'm I'm sort of waking up to the idea that maybe maybe it could. But there's another thing as well, and that is this resistance level. And I've always known this was going to come into play. Like, you know, this was something we we I thought about back in, you know, well before Ethereum went home, right? I knew that whenever it broke down, right? Whenever it broke down, it was then going to have to come back up to it and test this and see if it could get through. And I do think eventually it it very well could, right? Like if you look at at last cycle, um it's always interesting because last cycle, if you measure that up to the high, that end up marking the top. The problem is that this this cycle has been a lot more like the angle of attack is a lot lower. So the question is is like does it have to go back down and then go back up later on where then maybe it puts a new all I mean if you look at the cycle before that you can kind of see back then Ethereum was able to break through. So I don't I don't want to sort of limit it by saying it has to get you know it can't break that through that trend line. I mean it certainly could but you know I figure that it might provide some resistance at some point whenever it it does hit that level. So I am certainly watching that. Um, you know, obviously sort of the elephant in the room is will it actually go to the lower part of the regression band, guys. Like anything's possible. I'm not going to like sit here and say it can't happen. Um, you know, if if we get a really really really bad macro data point, it's possible, right? Like I'm not I I can't lie to you and say that it's impossible for it to happen. What I would say is that when Ethereum went home, that was good enough for me, right? Like I don't want to, you know, bet the family farm on that the other idea that it has to go to lower regression, man. What I will say is in the absolute worstc case scenario for 2025, right? Like absolutely like like and we're talking about like the next inflation print comes in at like 4.5%. Or something crazy, right? Or the unemployment rate in in August or something shoots up to 4.5 4.6%. Right? In the absolute worstc case scenario, there's always a chance that ETH could go back down here and sweep the low, right, in 2025, right? There's always a chance that happens, but you would have to have a pretty bad macro data point, I think, for that to actually play out. Okay. Um, you know, I I I certainly was, you know, I I say I would say before it was like more of a a 50/50. Obviously with things moving higher now the probabilities start to diminish that something like that could happen. But if you want to know I mean people always want to say like they ask like what's worst case scenario like if if worst case scenario played out I could see that. But even in that situation it would probably just be like this where it's like a wick and it just goes right back up. Okay. So for me I'm not I'm not really looking for that as something that has to happen. Personally, I'm satisfied with Ethereum going home here and then just trying to ride this to new all-time highs, but in the back of my mind, like I know there's probably going to be some weakness a little bit later on in Q3. And obviously, we've talked a little bit about that for a while, like there's going to be a pullback in Q3. And I always knew like I'm like, if there's not a pullback like the minute Q3 starts, I'm going to get a lot of flack for that. And I I think it's somewhat justified. If you look at 2023, you know, there was a pullback into Q3, but it didn't really happen until later on in Q3, like August, September. If you look at like 2017, there was also a pullback um in in the third quarter of the year, but it didn't really happen a little bit until a little bit later on. Um, but at least for Bitcoin anyways. Um, so like I I I do think there's likely going to be a little bit of a pullback, uh, you know, like August, September time frame, and that's going to be that window of weakness. Once we get past that, there's a good chance that Ethereum could just continue the rally. But I think that's the biggest thing right now for Ethereum is that, you know, it's likely going to come up to some weakness a little bit later in Q3. and we need to get past that, I think, before you have a more realistic shot of of setting new all-time highs. Um, but again, like I I could absolutely be wrong about Ethereum, uh, the, you know, Ethereum hitting new alltime highs. I I might be wrong about that. Um, just because Ethereum went home doesn't mean that, uh, it can't go lower. It always could. I mean, you know, there are certain things that like have always bothered me this cycle that eventually play out like Bitcoin dominance going to 60%. That played out and then we changed it. I said I then I changed it to 66%. And then that happened, right? Um Ethereum going home felt like it was never going to happen and then it did. All Bitcoin pairs are the current thing that feels like it's never going to happen, right? Like I I deep down I think it will happen, but the path to get there has been a painful one, you know? um for ETHUSD like I don't feel as deterministic about it having to go to like the lower regression band in this this year. Uh but if it does happen, I will say this guys, if it happens, I would not let it scare you. I I think it would be a great opportunity. Um but for me, I wasn't willing to, you know, sort of risk that may or may not happening. So for me, it was just welcome home Ethereum, right? like that's that was good enough for me for this cycle. If it does go a little bit lower later on, it's got to be because of some really bad macro data print. Um what I would be looking for uh is is hopefully any any pullbacks it can hold on the bullmark square. If it gives that up then obviously you know you you start to call into question these other levels. But if it follows the Tesla blueprint, then the, you know, after these major rallies, then um you wouldn't really expect all-time highs until a little bit later on, you know, until say Q4, which could line up, right? I mean, that a Q4, you know, Q4 would more so line up with all Bitcoin pairs the last uh the last few years. So, okay. So, again, I I'm I still have pretty, you know, bad internet. So again, just to sort of summarize, what I'm looking at in the short term for Ethereum is for it to break back up here because I think that is sort of the next step. If it can't break through here within the next couple of weeks, then you're likely going to have a pullback back to the bull market support band in August, September. Okay? If it can break through here and it starts shooting up 3100, 3200, 3,300, then I would just step out of the way. It's likely going to all-time highs. That would be what I would guess. Okay. In the short term, this is the weekly, right? This is the weekly. This is that weekly structure. 30, you know, 3100 or so is a big level for Ethereum to break through right now because it's basically getting back up to the level that it held as support for so long. Now, on the daily time frame, what you look at, I think, is this level, right? this this higher high structure that has been in place for what seems like you know at least for a while right this higher high structure you know that it's been going up against miday and then late May and then mid June and now again mid July this is that that sort of that lower time frame structure that it needs to break through so if it can break through that it's probably breaking through on the higher weekly time frame too if not then you're likely just looking at further consolidation through September and then perhaps a larger a bigger attempt a little bit later on uh in Q4. So, I do hope that Ethereum can make new all-time highs this cycle. I mean, I don't think a lot of people have given up on Ethereum, but technically speaking, you know, again, and being technically correct is the best way to be correct, right? I mean, technically speaking, ETH Bitcoin is still at a higher low, right? It still is. If I I'll be honest with you guys. If ETH Bitcoin takes out that low, it would be really hard, you know, to to not just assume it's a relic, right? And I don't want to assume that. I'm just being honest with you guys, right? Like I hope that that low holds. This this April 2025 low. The only thing that I I you know, I I wonder is, you know, there was also a low around the same time last year. It got up above the bull market and then ultimately fell down. The reason why this might be slightly different is because last year at the same time there had not been any rate cuts and quantitative tightening was was uh you know even stronger back then. Now we've had some rate cuts. We're probably going to have some more rate cuts. So if there is another drop into August, September, there's a good chance that it might hold as support considering that there's probably going to be a couple more rate cuts between now and then or at least one I would guess. Um and also you might get an end to quantitative tightening. If that doesn't happen and Bitcoin goes lower, then I I it's really hard. It would be really hard to to to look at the structure and and think it looks good. For now, I still think it looks okay. But at that point, I think it'd be hard. And the reason is I think this is just the initial capitalization phase and then it turns into an oscillator is ideal. If it turns into a bleeder and it puts in a lower low, then we'll talk about that if and when it happens, but that's not not not yet happening right now. ETHUSD. Um, this is the level, right? This is the level that we're coming up to right now. Can can it really break through here? If it can, then it likely goes to new alltime highs. If it can't get through here, and I'm the reason I'm giving you these guy these past because I'm not going to be able to make videos like for a few more days. Like I'm just providing I'm making a couple videos, one on Bitcoin, one Ethereum. Going to release them both and I'll see you guys later this week, you know, four or five days from now probably. This is what you need to watch, I think, for ETHUSD. If it's rejected here, it likely will just pull back for the rest of Q3. If it breaks through here, more likely go into all-time highs. I hope that Ethereum hits all-time highs this cycle because if it doesn't, I think that'll be a bad omen for it. The main question is when. If I had to guess, I I I wouldn't think it would happen in Q3. But, you know, I still think it was worth accumulating a position when it went home just in case it does, right? I mean, this was a great opportunity in my opinion. Um, the question is is is does it break through here? Now, we'll see. If it doesn't, then we'll we'll we'll do sort of a damage report in a few weeks and see if we can if we can still follow Tesla and and kind of repeat that same pattern where it goes up later on in the year. If if it break through here, then I think we just drop the Tesla comparison and say it's doing its own thing, right? We don't need to compare to Tesla anymore. Um, but those are my thoughts on Ethereum. Uh, if you guys like the content, make sure you subscribe to the channel, give the video a thumbs up, and again, check out the sale on into the cryptoverse premium at intothecryptoverse.com. I'll see you guys next time. Bye.