This is your final warning. Altcoins are set to explode, and it's going to happen fast. The window for catching the next big move is closing by the hour. And if you're not ready, you're about to miss it. Today, I'm going to show you exactly what's igniting this setup. And later in the show, the one indicator that's predicted every major altcoin run before anyone else caught on. Stick with me because the alpha in this episode is the kind you don't get twice. Let's dive right in. [Music] Cantor Fitzgerald is in talks for a $4 billion Bitcoin deal with Blockstream CEO Adam Back. And if this lands, Cantor's crypto exposure could hit $10 billion by the year's end. That's billion with a B. Wall Street's crypto obsession is going full throttle here, folks. But we are still in an early adoption phase regardless of the price that you see today. because I hope you know that there is no price ceiling for Bitcoin in a world where the value of fiat has no floor. Now, at the time of recording this, Bitcoin is trading at about $118,000 with a high of $123,000. And folks, even at these exaggerated price levels where by no means am I insinuating any type of FOMO and stating that everyone should rush out and purchase anything, but when we're looking at the market here, we have to identify the key areas uh and likeliness of what is going to happen next. And a some big indications that we've been looking at for quite a while uh is the ETF inflows and the current ETF inflows on both Bitcoin and Ethereum which we're going to take a look at both um have been quite quite incredible. So once again at $100,000 plus these Bitcoin ETF inflows have been extreme over the last few weeks here. Basically ever since July 1st we had one outflow Dave about 342. Ever since then, you were looking at 400, 600, 200, a thousand plus, a thousand plus again. Uh, and then almost 800 yesterday. Once again, we're talking about an asset that is sitting at $118,000 right now. And once, it just seems like there is no slowdown at the moment as far as institutional demand when it comes to Bitcoin and now Ethereum. And speaking of Ethereum, Ethereum is obviously hitting the headlines once again, getting people really excited as we've seen a 150% rally in Ethereum's price since the low back in April of about $1,400. We are sitting currently at around 3,300 at the time of recording. Uh, with, like I said, with about a 150% rally off of that low right there and currently flipping a key level that I've had marked out for quite some time here. Also to note, we blew right through the gold pocket from the last high here to our swing low, which sat at about $3,100, which was a really big region to look to. Um, this is where we would have looked for a sizable rejection from it. Instead, we got a continued move through that region here. And as long as we are holding above this quarterly level here, which is sat right at where we are right now, 3,335, there's no reason that we shouldn't anticipate ETH to actually fully make a move back towards the all-time highs at about $4,800 in the coming weeks. On top of that, spot Ethereum ETFs record over $900 million in inflows, which is the best week that we've ever seen since the launch of the Ethereum ETFs here uh with over $726 Ethereum getting picked up yesterday on the 16th. very good sign here on Ethereum to see that we're potentially getting a little bit of rotation from that Bitcoin surge uh going back into Ethereum and as well as to be able to identify and map out these ETF flows which is a fairly new financial product that we've never had before until just recently. Uh I think that that is really beginning to pave the way uh for a sizable rally here out of Ethereum to continue. Now fear and greed index uh something we just got to keep an eye on here, right? So, uh, this is going to monitor basically the the emotional side of the market. And right now we're pushing into greed, uh, as far as in the crypto market would go. Uh, a lot of times we can see this push all the way into extreme greed, right? Where we'll see, uh, the euphoria really kick in. That can last even for several days or weeks before we see any type of a cool down. Once again, not trying to incite any type of FOMO or anything along those lines, but just noting that at the moment, we are in greed. So yes, it's one of those things where be fearful when others are greedy type of deal. However, this can uh be pushed to the limits here and go for quite a bit longer here. Uh as you can see, even in this uh little overview here, we've been in greed now since at least last month off and on. I know there's probably been a a hint uh in between there where there was a little neutrality or a little bit uh going into fear, but overall we've been in this greed phase for at least a month, right? So, uh, it can go for a little bit longer here, which means that the overall market could potentially have some more upside here before any type of sizable cool down. So, right now, folks, the strategy is clear and the next one to two months are primed for altcoin strength. Uh, given that the altcoin season index just hit 39, which is a level not seen given it does say 37 now, but it did hit 39 at the high, which is a level we haven't seen since right before the November 2024 election back here. our last notable area where we saw the altcoins really take off. Now, if this does indeed break to the upside, momentum could snap back into the altcoins faster than most expect. Now, Crypto here is showing the ETH versus BTC pair, which is now retesting the same level that kicked off the last alt season with technicals lining up for a pretty bullish breakout, which as you can see here, he's mapping out right before we had the really big run, uh the last notable run in 2021. We've come back down to lows here and are getting a sizable little bounce here. Now, the interesting thing about that is is that this also aligns with the harmonic uh that I've been tracking for quite some time, which this is what I've been looking for ever since we started coming down into this region here. We put in these two highs here. Once again, anytime I see an M style top like that, I'm always hunting down a harmonic. This is a very high time frame outlook here. This is on the weekly chart. Uh and I was looking for a bottoming area around really between December and March. And once again, this was a of 2025. And this was a very high time frame outlook. uh we ended up coming down and bottoming one month later at least uh so far and again I was targeting that years in advance. So, uh, looking for this to really see if we get some legs here. And just like the, uh, last Twitter post we were just looking at, right? We were noting that in general, we're coming off the lows. This does have the indication of a really sizable run out of Ethereum, which in turn should lead into the altcoins as well. And uh not only did we have a sizable move right off of the completion zone here where I would consider this setup very valid. And for anybody that's new to this, this is a sequence of Fibonacci, very set list of ratios that have to be in play. And then it has a set list of rulings here and targets as well. So uh for here we have our completion zone. We have a nice reaction off of it. I wanted to basically see us claim that 0.027 uh for some more confirmation and we're essentially doing that right now on a month on a weekly time frame here. Uh, and then overall the targets of this are back up to these regions right here, which is your B point, our 382, and then our gold pocket ultimately. Now, mind you, this is a huge six-year setup that has taken place. Uh, I wouldn't expect to run up to these regions very quickly. It's not something I'm going to assume that'll happen overnight, but overall I believe that the trend is going to continue higher here for Ethereum over the next honestly could be more than a year uh from now. Which means that altcoins and the crypto market as a whole could very well potentially see some sizable upside for what to me has kind of always led me to think that this next really big decent altcoin run um many call it an altcoin season has some potential here to be a little higher for longer than I think that many are anticipating especially those that are really uh looking into the four-year cycle uh on on Bitcoin where many will anticipate that this year 2025 is going to be the end of the bull done and and so on. So, uh to me in the charts right now, I'm I'm identifying a set I have identified a setup and looking for uh the possibility for Ethereum to to really have some runway uh for way longer than this year. One of the most important charts to watch as well when it comes to the altcoin seasons uh is the Bitcoin dominance and it's finally starting to fall and posted here by Brian Rose. We'll take a look. Now, this chart tracks how much of the crypto's market total value is in Bitcoin versus everything else. And when Bitcoin dominance drops, it's a classic trigger that marks the beginning of every major altcoin season, including 2017 and 2021. So in those cycles, Bitcoin would lead the rally first, and as soon as its dominance started to roll over, money would rotate into Ethereum and then the rest of the altcoins. We're seeing the same pattern now in 2025, but now with even more bigger money flows. Now, here's why this is so important. Over the last year, Bitcoin has outperformed almost every single altcoin except for a few exceptions. altcoins were very weak relative to Bitcoin because of a massive wave of institutional money going exclusively into Bitcoin. And at some point the script does flip a bit and we go from seeing Bitcoin receiving the majority of the market share to seeing a rotation into Ethereum. we see Ethereum outperforming for quite a little bit and then from there we flip it into larger caps under that in the top 10 to top 20 generally and then from there we go into a full-blown altcoin season which has been at least historically the way that we've seen it over the past. Now once again with Ethereum finally showing a little sign of life since the last drop. Traditionally when Ethereum does start to run we do see it technically start to set the pace for every other altcoin. So once again, that that system usually goes from Bitcoin into Ethereum down to our large capsu and then into the full-blown uh overall altcoin market. So uh generally we'll see Ethereum see a successful move to the upside from there. The large caps once again is pretty much everything in the top 10. Uh that's your Salanas, that's your XRP, your Litecoin, uh so on and so forth, Chain Link. And this system of you know rotation essentially out of Bitcoin into these altcoins once again does not happen overnight. We we just saw Bitcoin basically uh move pretty drastically over the course of a couple of years really ever since the the January 2023 low. It's by no means been a straight line uh all the way up. Uh but we have seen quite the move there out of Bitcoin. So the altcoins may have some time where we're going to see, you know, some of these moves come in. As always, not, you know, to chase as always I never recommend chasing anything. Uh you know, let the market kind of settle down again. There's always going to be a red day. Even in these parabolic times or these move these windows of opportunity where uh the altcoins, Bitcoin, everything does seem like it's exploding. There are 15, 20, 30% pullbacks along the way. Trust me. So, not only do we have incredible ETF demand, we have the ETH versus BTC pair potentially bottomed out. We have Ethereum's price action alone actually making a decent move here. We've also got publicly traded companies uh which are now among the largest holders of Ethereum. Sharpling Gaming just surpassed the Ethereum Foundation as the biggest public ETH holder as they just purchased another $19.5 million worth of Ethereum just yesterday. Even Peter Theel is taking a sizable position in an ETH treasury company. Theo co-founded PayPal and was Facebook's first outside investor. And when players like this get involved, that means smart money is paying attention. Now, one altcoin aside from Ethereum that's seeing some exponential growth is Sooie. Suie's growth is exploding with daily active users that just jumped 145%. And the stable coin market cap hit a new record as well. More stable coins on chain means more digital cash ready to flow into new projects and trading opportunities. Sui is a more recent project to hit the market, but has had uh quite the momentum ever since it's begun. And essentially what I'm looking at as far as price action would go paired with some of the fundamentals that we just kind of covered there is that essentially SUI's coiling up in this region uh where we are trading at currently right now at about 396 and we've been putting in a series of higher lows across the way here and just really looking to see if we take this up into our you know number one area above us at the moment would be the golden pocket. We also have a monthly NPOC, which is a high volume target just above there as well, aligning with the gold pocket. That would be the next area where if we're going to run it up to, we'd be coming in and taking a stab at this high, putting in a new higher high, which would be uh really nice in the sense of looking for a shift in market structure here to look for a higher move to the upside. Uh so this would be our number one region we'd look to to see if we get either a rejection from or the key area in my opinion at the moment to see any more continuation uh to the upside. And next major targets I'd be looking for which would be essentially price discovery as this is the all-time high at about $5.37. Uh my next major areas would be up here at 660 and ultimately up here towards about $10 at $963. Salana, XRP, and Cardano could be next as far as the altcoin rotation goes, uh, at least from this pattern from 2024, which is here from Altcoin Vector. And they're essentially pointing out that during the Trump rally in November, uh, Bitcoin broke out of that 7-month consolidation where we cleared $74,000 and surged aggressively towards 100K. That breakout triggered a rapid rotation between Bitcoin to Ethereum to the large caps. And this was actually a time when Salana, XRP, and Cardano even actually stole the show. If you recall, this is when just a few months back when XRP actually had a 500% rally uh in the span of just about a month. Something along the lines of that is what we could see. More than likely not anticipating uh you know another 500% rally out of XRP during this run. Um but that's what we mean when we are looking at something in the sense of a rotation from Bitcoin to Ethereum to the the other altcoins below that. So, for me, I'm generally looking for if I miss a pump on something, I usually look for the one that hasn't popped yet. And while that necessarily doesn't always play out as some of these projects have a little bit more momentum than others, uh it's usually at least been a better play when I look for something personally in the in the market to be investing, you know, deploying new capital into, especially during these times when uh if the market is kind of starting to really see any kind of sizable moves to the upside. All right. There's another major catalyst that's building in real time and it's happening right now on Capitol Hill. In a historic move, the US House has officially passed a trifecta of gamechanging crypto legislation. The anti-CBDC act, the Cryptogenius Act, and the Clarity Act. This is a watershed moment for the digital assets in the United States. So, let's break down what's at stake with these new bills. The Genius Act is set to clarify the rules for stable coins, while the Digital Asset Clarity Act defines how crypto will be integrated into the US financial system. Meanwhile, the AntiCBDC Act aims to block the creation of a central bank digital currency, a decision widely seen as a crucial defense of financial privacy and individual choice in the digital era. And folks, while we can't anticipate everything to just go up in a straight line by any means, I do believe that we have a really decent recipe here for a sizable market rally. Not only just all coins, just in general, the markets as a whole, uh, to see a continued rally to the upside, uh, for a little bit longer than most people think to be honest. And that's just a personal opinion. Um, once again, not to say just blindly hold on to everything for the next, you know, year or two, uh, if you would get into a position where you're into sizable gains and everything like that because I don't know that for a fact by any means. But I do anticipate, uh, that this market actually may see a little bit longer of a rally than most are anticipating. And that does really go back to my ETH versus BTC chart where we were looking at the potential for that uh that bullish reversal uh to take place over about a year and a half uh from the from the low which just happened in April. So in theory we would run that until the end of next year, end of 2026. So uh yet to be seen of course, but we will be checking it out along the way. All right, folks. So altcoin season is not coming. Uh it's likely that it's already started. We've got the charts breaking out. The inflows are real and the rotation from Bitcoin to Ethereum to altcoins is unfolding right in front of our eyes. But remember, this phase moves fast and when it rips, it doesn't wait for permission. You've seen the signs, you've seen the signals, we've seen the data as well. The question now is simple. Are you positioned or are you waiting on the sidelines? Reminder folks, if you want real-time updates on how I'm navigating this market, uh momentum, and where I'm looking next, make sure you're plugged into the Trader Club Discord. This is where I break down all my trade setups, my thinking, and what comes after the breakouts. And also, if you're going to be looking to trade this rotation, uh, and you need a new platform that's going to keep up with you, check out WEX. It's our channel partner with over 600 pairs and zero KYC. Uh, you'll find all the links down in the description below. As always, thank you all so much for tuning in. I hope to see you all in the next video. And until the next time everybody.